The Administration of Union Territory Daman and Diu has revoked its order that made it compulsory for women to tie rakhis to their male colleagues on the occasion of Rakshabandhan on August 7. The administration was forced to withdraw the decision within 24 hours of issuing the circular after it received flak from employees and was slammed on social media.\r\nThe Daman and Diu administration on Wednesday withdrew a circular that asked women staff to tie rakhis on male colleagues after the order triggered a backlash from employees and was ripped apart on social media.The union territory?s administration was forced to retreat within 24 hours of issuing the circular that made it compulsory for its staff to celebrate Rakshabandhan at workplace.?It has been decided to celebrate the festival of Rakshabandhan on August 7. In this connection, all offices/ departments shall remain open and celebrate the festival collectively at a suitable time wherein all the lady staff shall tie rakhis to their colleagues,? the order, issued on August 1 by Gurpreet Singh, deputy secretary (personnel), had said.To ensure that no one skipped office, an attendance report was to be sent to the government the next evening.The two notifications ? one mandating the celebration of Rakshabandhan (left) and the other withdrawing the mandate (right) ? were issued by the Daman and Diu administration a day apart. The circular was withdrawn through a one-line order issued late in the evening by the UT?s department of personnel and administrative reforms.?The circular is ridiculous. There are sensitivities involved. How can the government dictate who I should tie rakhi to? We should maintain the professionalism of a workplace? an official told Hindustan Times earlier in the day. She refused to be identified.The notice was issued on Daman and Diu administrator and former Gujarat home minister Praful Kodabhai Patel?s direction, sources said.Rakshabandhan, a celebration of the bond between brothers and sisters, is one of several Hindu festivities and rituals that are no longer confined of private, family affairs but have become tools to push politic al ideologies.In 2014, the year BJP stormed to power at the Centre, Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat said the festival had ?national significance? and should be celebrated widely ?to protect Hindu culture and live by the values enshrined in it?. The RSS is the ideological parent of the ruling BJP.Last year, women ministers in the Modi government went to the border areas to celebrate the festival with soldiers. A year before, all cabinet ministers were asked to go to their constituencies for the festival.\r\nMalaika Arora slammed an Instagram user who trolled her for "divorcing a rich man" and "having fun with the alimony". "Her life now is all about wearing short clothes, going to gym or salon, enjoying vacation[s]," the user commented. Malaika responded, "You certainly got to get your damn facts right before spewing sh*t on me...when you know nothing about me."\r\nFrom her special numbers to TV?appearances, Bollywood actor Malaika Arora Khan has managed to carve her own identity. The actor, who made her debut in the Hindi film industry with the blockbuster debut opposite Shah Rukh Khan in Chaiyya Chaiyya from Dil Se (1998), is still remembered for the song. However, for trolls, she is a woman first and what matters right now is that she divorced a ?rich man?.  On Wednesday, Malaika Arora shared a gorgeous picture of herself on Instagram and a follower decided to troll her for using her ?alumni? (read alimony) money to wear ?short clothes and going to gym or salon?. Little did he/she know that the Munni Badnam star would reply with the perfect comeback. Take a look at the interaction:     Super excited to be affiliated with Khanna Jewellers @khannajewellerskj as their brand ambassador. Crafted to perfection, their stunning statement jewellery is a must have for every jewellery lover. #khannajewellers...#maksquad?? #hair @hairbypriyanka #stylist @manekaharisinghani #manager @ektakauroberoi #mua? @subbu28 #photographer @prasdnaik A post shared by Malaika Arora Khan (@malaikaarorakhanofficial) on Aug 2, 2017 at 6:20am PDT Then, Malaika decided to reply: The entire conversation only proves that no matter if a woman is successful, she will be attacked the moment she decides to step out of bounds the society decided for her. Apart from being a successful woman who lives life on her own terms, Malaika has literally played all the roles traditionally prescribed for a woman - she married quite early, had a son and raised him and was always around with the ?khandan?. But then, she got divorced and alimony is the taunt being thrown at her. The details of the alimony are only known to Malaika, her husband Arbaaz Khan and perhaps the family. The couple has handled the divorce with the utmost dignity. But we can vouch for the fact that she did not  need an alimony to buy clothes (short or not, her choice), go on vacations and enjoy her life. If anything, she is as successful, if not more, than her ex-husband.What happened between Arbaaz and Malaika is their personal concern. But to claim that Malaika married and then divorced Arbaaz for money doesn?t hold water. For those who do not agree, please get a course in feminism and for others, here?s a playlist of some of her most popular songs. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) in Patna on Thursday made corrections in its Marital Declaration Form by changing 'Virgin' option to 'Unmarried'. Earlier, Bihar Health Minister defined virgin as being an unmarried woman and did not consider the term objectionable. The institute, however, faced strong backlash for asking new recruits to declare their virginity in the form.\r\nThe Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) in Patna amended its marital declaration form on Thursday, replacing the word ?virgin? with ?unmarried? after controversy.Until now, new recruits to the super-specialty medical institute in the state capital were required to declare if they were bachelors, widowers or virgins.IGIMS medical superintendent Dr Manish Mandal said institute director Dr NR Biswas held a meeting on Thursday morning before directing that the word ?virgin? on the marital declaration form be immediately replaced with ?unmarried?. Dr Biswas had just returned after a four-day leave of absence.Earlier, Bihar health minister Mangal Pandey had ended up redefining the very meaning of virginity in his attempts to justify the awkward phrasing of the question in the form. Following a public furore over the document on Wednesday, the minister told news channels that there was nothing wrong with using the word ?virgin? because it simply meant ?kanya? or ?kunwari? ? which means an unmarried girl.Pandey had joined the cabinet just three days ago.Sources said the chief minister?s office had also taken cognizance of the issue, and asked for a copy of the form. It had even asked why the question was introduced in the first place.In its response, the management of the autonomous super-specialty health facility had clarified on Wednesday that it was in adherence to the central civil services rules followed by the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in New Delhi.The previous version of the marital declaration form, which purportedly asked new recruits if they were virgins.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe marital declaration form had been in existence since the inception of the institute in 1983. Some officials blamed the faux pas on poor translation on the part of individuals who drafted the document.?The word ?virgin? mentioned on the form had nothing to do with the virginity of any employee. It only sought to know the employees? marital status, so their dues could be settled on the basis of their declaration in the event of death while in service,? said Dr Mandal.\r\nLashkar-e-Taiba's Kashmir commander Abu Dujana, who was killed by security forces, said "Kabhi hum aage, kabhi aap, aaj aapne pakad liya, mubarak ho aapko (Today you caught me. Congratulations)" after being caught. He added that he won't surrender, and whatever is in his fate will happen to him. "Hum nikley they shaheed hone (had left home for martyrdom)," he added.\r\nLashkar-e-Taiba's Kashmir commander Abu Dujana was killed in an encounter in a village in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir earlier this week. Dujana, who had managed to give the security forces a slip several times in the past, carried a bounty of Rs 15 lakh on his head.Reports say that Dujana had come to meet his wife when he was trapped inside a house in Hakripora village. Security officials involved in the encounter tried their best to convince Dujana to surrender but he refused, reports say.According to reports, Dujana rejected call for surrender from an Army officer. The Army had commissioned a local to start a telephonic conversation with Dujana. After initiating the talk, the local villager handed over the phone to the army officer."Kya haal hai? Maine kaha, kya haal hai (How are you. I asked, how are you)?" Dujana is heard asking the officer. The officer replies: "Humara haal chhor Dujana. Surrender kyun nahi kar deta. Tu galat kar rha hai (Why don't you surrender? You have married this girl. What you are doing isn't right.)"When told that he is being used by Pakistani agencies as a pawn, Dujana, who sounded calm and unperturbed of the situation, said "Hum nikley they shaheed hone. Main kya karu. Jisko game khelna hai, khelo. Kabhi hum aage, kabhi aap, aaj aapne pakad liya, mubarak ho aapko. Jisko jo karna hai karlo (I had left home for martyrdom. What can I do? Today you caught me. Congratulations. "Surrender nahi kar sakta. Jo meri kismat may likha hoga, Allah wahi karega, theek hai? (I won't surrender. Allaah would do whatever is there in my fate)" Dujana went on to say. Dujana, who belonged to Pakistan, was Lashkar-e-Taiba's divisional commander in south Kashmir. He was among the top 10 terrorists identified by the Indian Army in Jammu and Kashmir.With a Rs 15 lakh bounty on his head, Dujana was labelled an 'A++' terrorist - the top grade which was also given to Burhan Wani.Security forces received inputs that during the last few days he was frequenting the houses of his wife Rukaiya and girlfriend Shazia. Police was keeping a watch on both the houses. when it was confirmed he was present in his wife's house, security forces moved in to trap him.ALSO READ:After Abu Dujana, security forces prepare new hitlist of most wanted terroristsAbu Dujana encounter: Jilted lover turned police informer led security forces to LeT commander\r\nHotels in Maharashtra will train their staff to spot signs of sex trafficking, including frequent requests for bed linen changes and 'Do not disturb' signs left on room doors for days. A mobile phone app called Rescue Me, which will allow staff to alert police of suspicious behaviour, will be developed. The initiative has been backed by the Maharashtra government.\r\nHotels in Mumbai and other Indian cities are to train their staff to spot signs of sex trafficking such as frequent requests for bed linen changes or a "Do not disturb" sign left on the door for days on end. The group behind the initiative is also developing a mobile phone app - Rescue Me - which hotel staff can use to alert local police and senior anti-trafficking officers if they see suspicious behavior. "Hotels are breeding grounds for human trade," said Sanee Awsarmmel, chairman of the alumni group of Maharashtra State Institute of Hotel Management and Catering Technology. "(We) have hospitality professionals working in hotels across the country. We are committed to this cause."The initiative, spearheaded by the alumni group and backed by the Maharashtra state government, comes amid growing international recognition that hotels have a key role to play in fighting modern day slavery. MAHARASHTRA MAJOR DESTINATION FOR TRAFFICKED GIRLS Maharashtra, of which Mumbai is the capital, is a major destination for trafficked girls who are lured from poor states and nearby countries on the promise of jobs, but then sold into the sex trade or domestic servitude. With rising property prices, some traditional red light districts like those in Mumbai have started to disappear pushing the sex trade underground into private lodges and hotels, which makes it hard for police to monitor.Awsarmmel said hotels would be told about 50 signs that staff needed to watch out for.These include requests for rooms with a view of the car park which are favored by traffickers as they allow them to vet clients for signs of trouble and check out their cars to gauge how much to charge.Awsarmmel said hotel staff often noticed strange behavior such as a girl's reticence during the check-in process or her dependence on the person accompanying her to answer questions and provide her proof of identity.But in most cases, staff ignore these signs or have no idea what to do, he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.RESCUE ME APP The Rescue Me app - to be launched in a couple of months - will have a text feature where hotel staff can fill in details including room numbers to send an alert to police.Human trafficking is the world's fastest growing criminal enterprise worth an estimated $150 billion a year, according to the International Labor Organization, which says nearly 21 million people globally are victims of forced labor and trafficking.Last year, major hotel groups, including the Hilton and Shiva Hotels, pledged to examine their supply chains for forced labor, and train staff how to spot and report signs of trafficking.Earlier this year, Mexico City also launched an initiative to train hotel staff about trafficking.Vijaya Rahatkar, chairwoman of the Maharashtra State Women's Commission, said the initiative would have an impact beyond the state as the alumni group had contact with about a million small hotels across India.The group is also developing a training module on trafficking for hotel staff and hospitality students which could be used across the country.ALSO READFYI | Legal revenge: Child sex trafficking survivors get 'School of Justice' to fight their own battlesMumbai: Woman DJ arrested in high-profile sex racket case\r\nA 32-year-old man on Wednesday was found hanging inside the washroom of a Delhi police station after he was called for interrogation. His family alleged that he could have been emotionally and physically tortured. Police said the man was named as a suspect in the kidnapping case of a married woman with whom he had been in a relationship earlier.\r\nAn alleged suspect in a kidnapping case was found hanging inside the washroom of the Jahangirpuri police station in north Delhi on Wednesday, hours after he was called by the cops for interrogation.The police claimed it was an ?unprovoked suicide? and denied use of force. An internal inquiry as well as a magisterial probe is in process, police said. The relatives of the deceased suspect foul play in the death.The dead man is 32-year-old Raj Kumar. A native of Kasganj in UP, Kumar was unmarried and worked as a security guard at a government school in Pitampura till a few months ago.?During his stint at that school, he entered into a relationship with a married woman who worked as a peon. Their relationship ended a few months ago and Kumar quit the job and returned to his village,? said a police officer.The woman went missing a few months ago, prompting her husband to file a police complaint and a habeas corpus petition at the Delhi High Court.?The woman?s husband suspected five-six persons. Kumar was one of them,? said the officer. A team was sent to Kumar?s village but when he was found unavailable, he was instructed to report to the Jahangirpuri police station.?Kumar was confident he had no role in the woman?s disappearance. He willingly arrived in Delhi on Tuesday and visited the police station,? said Kumar?s friend, Dharmendra, who dropped him at the police station around 3 pm.Citing the magisterial enquiry, the police refused to share either the sequence of events or the circumstances leading to his death. But Kumar?s relatives quoted investigators as saying he was let off around 10.30 pm.?The investigating officer told me my uncle was allowed to go at 10.30 pm. The same officer tells me the suicide happened at 2 am, over three hours later,? said Kumar?s nephew, Ankit Pachauri.Pachauri and other family members suspected that Kumar could have been physically and emotionally tortured, because of which he killed himself.?A request for post-mortem by a board of doctors is being made. All mandatory actions are being taken,? said Vijayanta Arya, additional DCP (north-west). She said neither was Kumar arrested nor did any evidence of his involvement in the woman?s disappearance emerge in Tuesday?s questioning..\r\nThe Delhi High Court reduced the compensation awarded to a motor accident victim by 45% after it found negligence on the part of both parties. A compensation of ?10 lakh was earlier awarded to the victim. The court observed, "It's possible despite the vehicle being driven in permissible limit, an accident can occur when a jaywalker suddenly appears on road." \r\nIn an interesting ruling, the Delhi high court reduced the compensation awarded to a motor accident victim by 45 per cent after it found negligence on the part of both the parties.Deepak Kumar, the victim, was hit by a motor vehicle driven by a government employee named Ajay Kumar in Palam.Deepak told the court that while he was on his way to work, he stopped his vehicle after crossing Palam flyover to feed a cow. While he was crossing the road, he was hit and suffered injuries. The trial court had awarded a compensation of Rs 10 lakh to him after ruling negligence on Ajay's part.Ajay challenged the trial court order based on the detailed accident report that mentioned motorcycle was not being driven dangerously or at an excessive speed, and was being driven in its lane and within the permissible speed limit.He sought examination of the contributory negligence on behalf of the injured through advocate Trideep Pais and Pranav Jain. The court observed, "It is possible that despite the vehicle being driven in permissible limit, an accident can occur when a jaywalker suddenly appears on the road.""Such people apart from impairing their own lives also pose a threat to the safety and security of the ongoing traffic. The fact that the victim chose to walk across a busy road near the airport, with heavy morning traffic, he knowingly exposed himself to dangers that such risk may entail. It exhibits his negligence towards his own safety," the court added.Quoting the detailed accident report, the court said if the vehicle was in good condition, being driven in the right lane at the right speed, the accident which was caused at a non-zebra crossing, could be attributed to the sudden appearance of the jaywalker in front of the vehicle.In the circumstances, a portion of the blame and negligence would have to be shared by the claimant. While noting that there was a fair chance of the accident being avoided if the vehicle was being driven at the permissible limit and maintaining fair distance with the vehicle moving ahead of it, the court said, " One has also to bear in mind that not all city roads are carefully marked for pedestrian or zebra crossing.""The time of the accident was about 9.40 am. The visibility was clear. The appellant could have well seen from some distance the movement of the pedestrian crossing the road," the court added.\r\nA 60-year old Dalit woman was allegedly lynched in Agra after villagers thought that she was behind the recent cases of chopping hair of sleeping women. The family members of the woman who left home around 4 am on Wednesday said, "She pleaded that she had lost her way but they took her as one responsible for chopping women hair."\r\n A 60-year old Dalit woman was allegedly lynched in Agra after villagers thought she was out to cut the hair of sleeping women, the first reported fatality of what appears to be turning into a case of mass hysteria.Growing number of people, particularly in rural districts, of Haryana, Rajasthan, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh have reported mysterious instances of sleeping women being attacked and their hair chopped off short.  Family members said Maan Devi left the home around 4am on Wednesday but lost her way, reaching a predominantly upper caste neighbourhood where people spotted her. ?She pleaded that she had lost her way but they took as one responsible for chopping women hair in Mutnai village and killed her,? said the victim?s daughter-in-law Kalpana Jatav.Local police first denied the death was connected to the ?ghost barber? panic. Deputy superintendent of police (DSP), Fatehabad, Dr Tej Veer Singh said a case was registered including charges relating to atrocities against Dalits, and teams were keeping a vigil in the area where the woman was killed.  The police also appeared to deny that the woman was beaten to death. ?The post-mortem report of Maan Devi indicates she died of cardiac arrest and not due to beating,? Singh said. Devi?s son has named two suspects, both from the upper caste Baghel community, in his complaint where he also said that his mother?s body had been thrown back in their village. Till Thursday, neither was arrested.Agra and villages in districts nearby were the latest to report the hair-cutting mystery that seems to be spreading since first being recorded in parts of the National Capital Region last week. Officials said on Friday that more ?sightings? were reported from the region, and the state?s Inspector General issued an appeal for people to remain calm.Women in at least five states have reported waking up to the sound of scissors, spotting black cats, and seeing ghosts and shadows. Some claimed they found portions of their hair chopped off, and others reported falling unconscious with fear.Police have dismissed the allegations as rumours in several of these cases, and administration officials are now issuing alerts for local law enforcement to tackle fear mongering. FROM MONKEY MAN TO UFOsParts of India, particularly rural districts where superstitious beliefs are common, have often been at the centre of mass hysteria events. In the summer of 2001, people in Delhi said they had spotted a mysterious monkey-like creature that appeared in the night and attacked people. Large colonies of the capital were gripped by fear as more and more bizarre ?sightings? were recorded. Vigilante groups patrolled the streets with sticks for weeks, before officials and psychiatric experts said the panic was created by ?figments of people?s imagination? that was made worse by the media coverage at the time.A year later, people in Eastern Uttar Pradesh reported spotting a light-emitting flying object that would attack them at night and scratch their face. Many referred to it as the ?muhnochwa?, a Bhojpuri amalgam that loosely translates to ?face snatcher?. At the height of the panic, people went off streets after sundown. Scientists from IIT Kanpur were roped in to investigate the event, and the ruled out the existence of the creature. The closest explanation, they said, could have been sightings of ball lightening, a rare meteorological phenomenon. Years earlier, in 1995, a more innocuous mass delusion took place when people across the country reported seeing idols of the Hindu god Ganesha drinking milk. \r\nAn inquiry by the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau found that the Pawan Hans helicopter was flying at a critically low height, resulting in its crash near Bombay High in 2015. The report further mentioned that the instructor, despite being aware of the low height, didn't take control of the helicopter after the trainee pilot wasn?t able to manage the situation. \r\nTwo years after a helicopter crash near the Bombay High offshore oil field killed two pilots, an inquiry by the Air Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) found that the chopper was flying at a critically low height, without the pilots realising it. The Pawan Hans helicopter was on a training sortie on the evening of November 4, 2015. Aviation regulator Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) had asked AAIB?to conduct an inquiry. The inquiry report, which was made public on Wednesday, said that the main pilot was flying low and that the other did not realise it. After taking off, the Rontappmeyer (RYTYR) helicopter may have faced difficulties as the moon was waning, the report said. The report mentioned that the instructor, Captain E Samuel, wasn?t disoriented and was aware of the low height of the helicopter. He alerted Captain TK Guha a little late, but even after realising that Guha wasn?t able to manage the situation, Samuel did not take control of the helicopter.AAIB recommended that ONGC, which owns Bombay High along with the helicopter operators, identify helidecks from where night flying can take place. AAIB also said that Pawan Hans pilots need to rest sufficiently before flying. Guha was flying during the night after a gap of almost a year, read the report. READPawan Hans chopper crash: Both pilots on board still missingWatch: Maharashtra CM?s helicopter crash-lands, Devendra Fadnavis safe\r\nThe Congress party has opened a bank called 'State Bank of Tomato' in Uttar Pradesh's Lucknow, in a protest against the rising prices of the vegetable. People can get interests on deposits and also get vegetables on loan in the bank. "I have deposited 0.5 Kg tomatoes, will get 1 kg after 6 months," said a man.\r\nIt sounds like satire, but make no mistake: at a time when tomatoes have become forbiddingly pricey, the Congress Party has opened a 'State Bank of Tomato' in Uttar Pradesh's capital, ANI reported on Wednesday.This extraordinary development comes days after Indore wholesalers leery of tomato thieves requested - and got - security cover for their stock, according to news reports. Heavy rains in tomato-growing states have destroyed crop and affected transportation - a choke on supply which the Goods and Services Tax regime could have possibly exacerbated. Lucknow (UP): In a unique protest against the rising prices of the tomatoes, Congress opens bank called \xe2??State Bank of Tomato\xe2??. pic.twitter.com/lNpAaexgMuIn fact, denizens of major cities have had to dish out Rs 100 or more for a kilogram of the kitchen staple.Nevertheless, an official at the Indian Council for Agricultural Research has said he expects supplies from southern states to drive down prices in the next couple of weeks.For the time being, Lucknow residents can obtain interest on deposits at the Congress' State Bank of Tomato, and take the vegetables out on loan, just like money in an actual bank, ANI reported.\xa0I have deposited 0.5 Kg tomatoes, will get 1 kg after 6 months. I'm 103-year-old, never thought have to see this: Srikrishna Verma, customer pic.twitter.com/PlXdnSYGvK And if they want to keep their red gold out of the reach of covetous hands, they needn't worry. The news agency reports that State Bank of Tomato provides lockers too.-With inputs from agencies \r\nIndia's food regulator Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) is planning to create a network to collect leftover food and provide it to the needy. It is looking to connect with organisations which can collect, store and distribute leftover food from weddings and large parties. It further added that all food must meet the safety and hygiene standards.\r\nThe Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) is in the process of creating a network of food banking partners to collect and distribute leftover food from large parties and weddings to the hungry.A notification to create a separate category of food business operators (FBOs), who will be licensed to deal only with leftover food, has been drafted to ensure the quality of food.?We are looking at partnering with NGOs or organisations that collect, store and distribute surplus food to ensure they maintain certain hygiene and health standards when handling food,? said Pawan Agarwal, CEO of FSSAI.?Tonnes of food is wasted annually. We are looking at creating a mechanism through which food can be collected from restaurants, weddings, large-scale parties,?  says Pawan Agarwal, ?All food, whether it is paid for or distributed free, must meet the country?s food safety and hygiene standards,? he said.The organisations in the business of collecting leftover food will now have to work in collaboration with FSSAI so their efforts can be scaled up.?Tonnes of food is wasted annually and can be used to feed several thousands. We are looking at creating a mechanism through which food can be collected from restaurants, weddings, large-scale parties etc,? said Agarwal.The initiative will set up a helpline network where organisations can call in for collection but reaching individuals who want to directly donate food will take time. ?We will have a central helpline number. Reaching people at the household level may not be feasible initially but it is an integral part of the long-term plan,? he said. ?We have begun collecting names of people working in the sector. There are still a few months to go before the scheme materialises,? said Agarwal.?Collecting food going waste to feed the hungry is a noble thought but to transport, store and maintain the cold chain of cooked food is a huge challenge. The logistics are a nightmare, which is why we don?t handle leftovers and only distribute uncooked food that can be cooked locally,? said Kuldip Nar, founder of Delhi NCR Food Bank, which has been feeding the poor in 10 cities since 2011.\r\nThe mother of Harshit Sharma, the class 12 Chandigarh boy who got a hoax job offer call from Google, said that the incident "devastated" his life. He got a call, after which he shared the information with the school principal, who sent out a press release. Harshit is hospitalised since Google denied giving him a job, his mother added.\r\nBharti Sharma, mother of the 16-year-old boy who made headlines for getting a job offer from Google and then for it being a hoax, said on Wednesday the incident had ?devastated? her son?s life. Talking to HT, Bharti, a teacher from Kurukshetra, said Harshit got a hoax call, and not a letter, informing him about his selection for the post of graphic designer. ?Harshit got a phone call. We did not believe it at first. I kept telling him it could be hoax,? said the mother. ?He shared the information with his school principal, who further released a press note, which led to media coverage.?Bharti said once the news was published and mediapersons started contacting them, they too thought the job offer is genuine.?We thought the principal has some confirmation,? she said.Where did letter come from?However, question remains over the offer letter that the school has provided to the media, claiming that Harshit had forwarded it to a teacher. The letter has several mistakes and does not contain any salary details. Bharti maintained that Harshit did not provide it to the school. Harshit had completed Class 12 from Government Model Senior Secondary School (GMSSS), Sector 33, this year. It was on Saturday that the UT administration released a press note about Harshit?s achievement. The release claimed that the internet giant would pay him Rs 12 lakh per month as salary after a year?s training. During training, it was claimed he will get a stipend of Rs 4 lakh per month.However, on Tuesday, Google denied having offered paid training and job to Harshit. Bharti said Harshit hasn?t eaten since Tuesday and is hospitalised. ?Doctors say he is traumatised. Those who were congratulating us are now taunting us,? she said.Claiming they did not want to blame the principal or any teacher, Bharti said: ?Harshit only told her about the call.??Family evading authorities?However, Beniwal maintained that Harshit forwarded a copy of the offer letter to a teacher through WhatsApp. The principal alleged Harshit?s family had been evading the authorities and there phone number were also switched off. Meanwhile, Beniwal has submitted a report to the education department after it ordered a probe on Tuesday.It is learnt the principal has stated that she was on leave and got information about the boy getting a job offer through two teachers. She has also forwarded messages exchanged between the teachers and Harshit?s family and the offer letter. She has also appended videos of celebrations at Harshit?s ancestral place in Kurukshetra.The report will be made public on Thursday. ?I have received the report, but not seen it yet,? said Rubinderjit Singh Brar, UT director, school education.\r\nMunicipal Corporation of Gurugram on Wednesday said that 19 out of 45 commercial building owners have decided to pay property tax instead of providing free parking to the public. Notably, MCG earlier offered a property tax waiver for building basements if they were used to provide free parking. However, the owners allegedly said that revenues from parking profited them more.\r\nOnly 26 malls and commercial centres on Mehrauli-Gurgaon (MG) road, Golf Course Road and Sohna Road will offer free parking in their basements, the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG) announced on Wednesday.The MCG had earlier said it will waive property tax on basements if the same were used to provide free parking. Soon afterwards, 45 sites offered free parking but now some of the owners have agreed to pay the property tax instead of offering free parking service. As a result, the list has been trimmed to 26. Building owners said the revenue from parking is higher than the gains from the property tax waiver.The updated list is in the public domain on the civic body?s website ? www.mcg.gov.in. As reported earlier, MCG officials had reviewed the Central government?s notification regarding evaluation of property tax for commercial spaces and that to led to the civic body announcing the clause of tax waiver in lieu of free parking space.The 26 establishments offering free parking are Suncity Business Tower, Paras Twin Towers, MGF The Palm Springs Plaza, Global Foyer, Vipul Tech Square, MPD Tower, Augusta Point, Paras Downtown Tower, Central Plaza and Centrum Plaza ? all located on the Golf Course Road. On MG Road, ABW Tower, Sewa Corporate Park, Garden City Point, DLF Corporate Park, Platina Mall and Vipul Agora Mall will offer free parking. Unitech Cyber Park Sector 39, Unitech Business Zone and Nirvana Country Yard Sector 50 and Unitech Arcadia Sector 49 will also offer free parking.Omaxe City Centre, Omaxe Mall, Raheja Mall, ILD Trade Centre, Omaxe Celebration Mall and the Sapphire Mall on Sohna Road are also on the list.?The MCG had the option of levying a property tax on the basements in commercial centres, but after reading the Central government guidelines, an option was given to building owners that if they did not levy a parking fee on customers, the property tax on basements will be waived. Hence, for the public?s benefit, the MCG has placed ?free parking? boards at these sites for their awareness,? MCG Commissioner V Umashankar said.If the sites mentioned on the list are found levying a parking fee, the public can report complaints on the MCG?s toll-free number ? 1800-180-1817 ? or email to support@mcg.gov.in.\r\nScientists, for the first time, successfully freed embryos of a piece of faulty DNA that causes a fatal heart disease to run in families. The disease, called hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, causes the heart to stop suddenly and is the result of an error in a single gene. The breakthrough could lead to preventing 10,000 disorders that are passed down the generations.\r\nScientists have modified human embryos to remove genetic mutations that cause heart failure in otherwise healthy young people in a landmark demonstration of the controversial procedure.It is the first time that human embryos have had their genomes edited outside China, where researchers have performed a handful of small studies to see whether the approach could prevent inherited diseases from being passed on from one generation to the next.While none of the research so far has created babies from modified embryos, a move that would be illegal in many countries, the work represents a milestone in scientists? efforts to master the technique and brings the prospect of human clinical trials one step closer.The work focused on an inherited form of heart disease, but scientists believe the same approach could work for other conditions caused by single gene mutations, such as cystic fibrosis and certain kinds of breast cancer.?This embryo gene correction method, if proven safe, can potentially be used to prevent transmission of genetic disease to future generations,? said Paula Amato, a fertility specialist involved in the US-Korean study at Oregon Health and Science University.The scientists used a powerful gene editing tool called Crispr-Cas9 to fix mutations in embryos made with the sperm of a man who inherited a heart condition known as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, or HCM. The disease, which leads to a thickening of the heart?s muscular wall, affects one in 500 people and is a common cause of sudden cardiac arrest in young people.Crispr, or to give it its full name, Crispr-Cas9, allows scientists to precisely target and edit pieces of the genome. Crispr is a guide molecule made of RNA, that allows a specific site of interest on the DNA double helix to be targeted. The RNA molecule is attached to Cas9, a bacterial enzyme that works as a pair of "molecular scissors" to cut the DNA at the exact point required. This allows scientists to cut, paste and delete single letters of genetic code.\xa0Humans have two copies of every gene, but some diseases are caused by a mutation in only one of the copies. For the study, the scientists recruited a man who carried a single mutant copy of a gene called MYBPC3 which causes HCM.When the scientists made embryos with the man?s sperm and healthy eggs from donors, they found that, as expected, about half of the embryos carried the mutant gene. If the affected embryos were implanted into women and carried to term, the resulting children would inherit the heart condition.Writing in the journal Nature, the researchers describe how gene editing dramatically reduced the number of embryos that carried the dangerous mutation. When performed early enough, at the same time as fertilisation, 42 out of 58 embryos, or 72%, were found to be free of the disease-causing mutation.The work has impressed other scientists in the field because in previous experiments, gene editing has worked only partially, mending harmful mutations in some cells, but not others. Another problem happens when the wrong genes are modified by mistake, but in the latest work the scientists found no evidence of these so-called ?off target effects??They?ve got remarkably good results, it?s a big advance.? said Richard Hynes, a geneticist at MIT who this year co-chaired a major report on human genome editing for the US National Academy of Sciences (NAS). ?This brings it closer to clinic, but there?s still a lot of work to do.?Today, people who carry certain genetic diseases can opt for IVF and have their embryos screened for harmful mutations. The procedure can only help if there is a chance that some embryos will be healthy. According to Shoukhrat Mitalipov, who led the latest research, gene editing could bolster the number of healthy embryos available for doctors to implant.More work is needed to prove that gene editing would be safe to do in people, but even if it seems safe, scientists face major regulatory hurdles before clinical trials could start. In the US, Congress has barred the Food and Drug Administration from even considering human trials with edited embryos, while in the UK it is illegal to implant genetically modified embryos in women. The procedure is controversial because genetic modifications made to an embryo affect not only the child it becomes but future generations too. ?It?s still a long road ahead,? said Mitalipov. ?It?s unclear when we?d be allowed to move on.?In the latest study, the mutation was corrected by a route that scientists have not seen before, with the cell copying healthy DNA from the mother?s egg instead of the template. One question scientists need to explore now is whether mutations carried by eggs can be corrected as easily as those carried by sperm.?If all of this holds up for different genes and is also true when the mutation is inherited from the mother, it will be a major step forward,? said Janet Rossant, senior scientist and chief of research emeritus at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto.Asked about the potential for gene editing to produce designer babies, Rossant, a co-author of the NAS report on gene editing, said it was a distant prospect. ?We are still a long way from serious consideration of using gene editing to enhance traits in babies,? she said. ?We don?t understand the genetic basis of many of the human traits that might be targets for enhancement. Even if we did, a genetic alteration that enhanced one trait could have unexpected negative consequences on other traits, and this would be an inherited feature for the next generation.??The NAS report came out strongly against any form of gene editing designed to simply enhance human potential,? she added.\r\nA Union Minister of State for Home Affairs informed the Lok Sabha on Wednesday that Delhi's 2,297 residential buildings under the Central Public Works Department were found to be "unsafe". Another 124 buildings under the New Delhi Municipal Council were identified as dangerous. The authorities said that they conduct surveys of unsafe buildings every year and undertake required actions.\r\nAs many as 2,297 residential buildings under the CPWD in Delhi have been identified as ?unsafe?, the Lok Sabha was informed on Wednesday.The number of unsafe or dangerous buildings under the New Delhi Municipal Council stands at 124, Union minister of state for home affairs Hansraj Gangaram Ahir said.Also, 17 buildings have been found ?unsafe? in areas falling under three municipal corporations, with 14 in north, two in east and one in south Delhi.?The Central Public Works Department (CPWD) has informed that 2,297 buildings have been identified as unsafe residential buildings in Delhi,? Ahir said in a written reply.The three municipal corporations, New Delhi Municipal Council and CPWD intimated that every year the survey of unsafe/dangerous building is carried out and necessary action for demolition of the same is undertaken, it stated.The reply also said that this is a continuous process every year and corrective action is taken.\r\nThe Supreme Court today refused to stay the exercise of NOTA (none of the above) option in the Gujarat Rajya Sabha elections scheduled to take place on 8 August. The SC further said that the issue would be heard as a constitutional question ? whether NOTA would apply to election of council of states. \r\nThe Supreme Court on Thursday refused to stay the Election Commission decision allowing the NOTA provision in the August 8 Rajya Sabha polls in Gujarat.A bench of justices Dipak Misra, Amitava Roy and AM Khanwilkar, however, agreed to examine the constitutional validity of the August 1 notification of the poll panel allowing the NOTA option.?Issue notice. We will examine it. We are not going to stay the proceedings,? the bench said when senior advocates Kapil Sibal, AM Singhvi and Harin Raval, representingGujarat Congress chief whip Shailesh Manubhai Parmar, sought an interim stay on the notification.The bench questioned the delay by the opposition party in filing its petition, pointing out that the poll panel had issued a notification on the matter in January 2014 and another circular in 2015.?When it suited you, you did not come. You come here on the eve of elections,? the bench said.Sibal told the court that including NOTA will encourage corruption. ?It?s a recipe for corruption.?The NOTA ? none of the above ? option allows voters to reject all candidates in fray. Six Gujarat MLAs switched over from the Congress to the BJP last week, seen as a major blow to the prospects of the opposition party candidate Ahmed Patel.The Congress is apprehensive of cross voting and some MLAs exercising the NOTA option.Last week, the party flew most of its Gujarat  MLAs to Bengaluru to protect them from what it says is the BJP?s conspiracy to lure Congress legislators. The petition said use of the option would be violative of the provisions of the Representation of People?s Act, 1951 and the Conduct of Election Rules, 1961.In the Rajya Sabha polls, the MLAs have to show their ballot paper to an authorised party agent before putting it in ballot box.If a voter (MLA) defies the party directive and casts the ballot for someone else or uses the NOTA option, he cannot be disqualified as a legislator.But the party is free to take disciplinary action including expulsion. The defiant voter can continue to be an MLA and his vote can also not be invalidated for defying the party direction, according to EC rules. (With agency inputs)\r\nTanveer Hussain, a 24-year-old Indian athlete from Kashmir, has been indicted in the US on charges of sexually abusing a minor girl, during a visit to the US for a snowshoe competition. An Essex County jury has charged Hussain with one count of first-degree sexual abuse and two counts of endangering the welfare of a child.\r\nA 24-year-old Indian athlete has been indicted in the US on charges of sexually abusing a minor girl, days after he arrived from Kashmir for a snowshoe competition. (India vs Sri Lanka Updates) Tanveer Hussain was indicted last week by an Essex County grand jury for allegedly having inappropriate contact with a 12-year-old Saranac Lake girl earlier this year.The grand jury returned the indictment Hussain charging him with one count of first-degree sexual abuse and two counts of endangering the welfare of a child, a report in the Adirondack Daily Enterprise quoted a press release from Essex County District Attorney Kristy Sprague as saying.Hussain had been arrested in March on charges of sexually abusing the minor girl, two days after he competed in the World Snowshoe Championships at Dewey Mountain Recreation Center.(Read | PU Chitra gets financial aid from Kerala government, CK Vineeth given job) ?Hussain is alleged to have subjected a 12-year-old female to sexual contact and engaged in inappropriate conversations with said child during the time he was in Saranac Lake,? the report quoted Sprague as saying.The minor girl had told police that on the night of February, two days after the snowshoe race, Hussain had kissed her twice and had groped her.The report added that Hussain had previously denied the charges and declined a plea deal that would have let him return to India as he wanted to clear his name.(Read | Indian Deaflympians demand equal treatment with para-athletes) Hussain?s lawyer Brian Barrett said that he was disappointed that Sprague announced the indictment in a press release before notifying him.?This is all about the press. That?s what this whole case is all about,? he said.Hussain had garnered much attention before arriving in the US for the snowshoe championship after the US Embassy in New Delhi had denied him and another athlete visas around the same time President Donald Trump had issued an order barring travel into the US from seven Muslim-dominant countries.While India was not among the seven countries, the denial of visa to Hussain and the other athlete was seen associated with the executive order. \r\nBomb squads and canine teams were rushed to check a package recovered in the cargo hold area of Delhi airport on Wednesday. Officials later declared the area safe, adding, "the suspect item was nothing but some spare parts of company Maruti." Its X-ray image had raised suspicion among airport staff. \r\nNew Delhi, Aug 2 (PTI) Bomb squads and canine teams were today rushed in to check a suspect object that was recovered at the cargo hold area of the IGI airport here, later declared safe after it was found that the consignment only contained some auto spare parts. CISF Director General O P Singh said the "suspect item has been declared safe and there is nothing to worry about". At 7.15 am, an X-ray image of a consignment of Maruti spare parts raised suspicion among the staff of the domestic cargo terminal, according to sources in the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS). The terminal staff immediately alerted the CISF, who along with a team of BCAS and a bomb detection and disposal squad rushed to the spot. \r\nDefending the IGIMS marital declaration form, Bihar Health Minister Mangal Pandey said he checked the meaning of virgin in dictionary, wherein it meant unmarried woman and he didn't find anything objectionable in it.  Pandey added that he discussed the issue with the management, who informed him that the format used was same as AIIMS' and was being used since 1983.\r\nBihar Health Minister Mangal Pandey has defended a controversial questionnaire put out by Patna's Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) for its staff. The ridiculous Marital Declaration questionnaire asked IGIMS employees to mention their marital status. "I looked the dictionary for the actual meaning of the word virgin. It means unmarried and I don't find anything objectionable in the usage of the word," Mangal Pandey said."However, when the issue was brought to my notice I enquired IGIMS management about it. They told me the format used in the form is the same which is used at AIIMS (All India Institute of Medical Science)," he added. The form also asks male employees to provide details if they have more than one wife.Women employees apart from declaring status regarding their virginity have also been asked to provide details on whether they are married to a person who has no other wife living or another wife living.Speaking to India Today, the Deputy Medical Superintendent, Dr Manish Mandal said that the marriage declaration form with the contentious questions have been in practice ever since the institute was established in 1984."Everyone has to fill this form which is part of Central Services Rules and this form is similar to what AIIMS in Delhi uses. If the Centre or AIIMS changes the format of the form in the future, we will also change it. This is not a new form and has been in practice since 1984 when IGIMS was established," said Mandal. ALSO READ:\r\nThe members of a Norwegian anti-immigrant group have been trolled for mistaking a photograph of six empty bus seats for a group of women wearing burqas. The post, shared on  the closed Facebook group Fedrelandet viktigst (Fatherland first), garnered comments like "Get them out of our country" and "Could be terrorists." It was shared on the group as a prank.\r\nA Norwegian anti-immigrant group has been roundly ridiculed after members apparently mistook a photograph of six empty bus seats posted on its Facebook page for a group of women wearing burqas.?Tragic?, ?terrifying? and ?disgusting? were among the comments posted by members of the closed Fedrelandet viktigst, or ?Fatherland first?, group beneath the photograph, according to screenshots on the Norwegian news website Nettavisen.Other members of the 13,000-strong group, for people ?who love Norway and appreciate what our ancestors fought for?, wondered whether the non-existent passengers might be carrying bombs or weapons beneath their clothes. ?This looks really scary,? wrote one. ?Should be banned. You can?t tell who?s underneath. Could be terrorists.?Further comments read: ?Ghastly. This should never happen,? ?Islam is and always will be a curse,? ?Get them out of our country ? frightening times we are living in,? and: ?I thought it would be like this in the year 2050, but it is happening NOW,? according to thelocal.no and other media.The photograph, found on the internet, was posted ?for a joke? last week by Johan Sl\xe5ttavik, who has since described himself as ?Norway?s worst web troll and proud of it?, beneath a question asking the group: ?What do people think of this??Sl\xe5ttavik told Nettavisen and Norway?s TV2 he wanted to ?highlight the difference between legitimate criticism of immigration and blind racism?, and was ?interested to see how people?s perceptions of an image are influenced by how others around them react. I ended up having a good laugh.?It went viral in Norway after Sindre Beyer, a former Labour party MP who said he has been following Fatherland first for some time, published 23 pages of screenshots of the group?s outraged comments.?What happens when a photo of some empty bus seats is posted to a disgusting Facebook group, and nearly everyone thinks they see a bunch of burqas?? he asked in a post shared more than 1,800 times. The comments suggested the vast majority of the anti-immigrant group?s members saw the photo as evidence of the ongoing ?Islamification? of Norway, although a small number pointed out it was in fact a picture of bus seats. One warned the group was making itself look ridiculous.Beyer told Nettavisen: ?I?m shocked at how much hate and fake news is spread [on the Fedrelandet viktigst page]. So much hatred against empty bus seats certainly shows that prejudice wins out over wisdom.?The head of Norway?s Antiracist Centre, Rune Berglund Steen, told the site that people plainly ?see what they want to see ? and what these people want to see are dangerous Muslims?.Norway recently became the latest European country to propose restrictions on the wearing of burqas and niqabs, tabling a law that will bar them from kindergartens, schools and universities. France, the Netherlands, Belgium, Bulgaria and the German state of Bavaria all restrict full-face veils in some public places.The country?s minority government, a coalition of the centre-right Conservatives and the populist Progress party that faces elections next month, said in June it was confident it would find opposition support for the move.Per Sandberg, then acting immigration and integration minister, told a press conference that face-covering garments such as the niqab or burqa ?do not belong in Norwegian schools. The ability to communicate is a basic value.?\r\nA newborn boy in Maharashtra's Thane was found to be 'pregnant' with own half-formed twin that was feeding off the boy's blood supply. The doctors said that it was a very rare condition called 'fetus in fetu' with less than 200 such cases recorded till date. The doctors successfully operated to remove the 7-cm fetus that weighed 150 gram.\r\nIn a bizarre medical condition, a newborn baby in Thane was found to be ?pregnant? with his half-formed twin brother feeding off his blood supply. The condition, called fetus in fetu, is so rare that only about 100-200 such cases have been reported from all over the world till date. The boy was born to a 19-year old woman from Mumbra on July 20 at Bilal Hospital in Thane, near Mumbai.The 7cm foetus, weighing 150 gm and complete with a brain, arms and limbs, was found behind the baby?s stomach. A radiologist first spotted the abnormal mass during a routine scan of the pregnant mother.?In post-natal scans, we spotted another half-formed baby with a brain, arm and legs in a foetal sac in the baby?s abdomen,? radiologist Bhavna Thorat told German news agency DPA.After the baby was born, another scan found that the ?twin? was feeding off his nutrition and posed a life threat.Doctors referred him to the Titan hospital in Thane, where the parasitic foetus was successfully removed by a specialist team of experts. It is suspected to be a rare congenital anomaly called ?fetus in fetu? in which a malformed  foetus gets absorbed into the body of it?s twin. The team that performed the surgery at Titan Hospital, Thane.  Photo Credit: Neena NichlaniGynecologist Dr Neena Nichlani, who was part of the team that operated on the baby, said, ?It is a case of monozygotic twin pregnancy sharing single placenta, where one foetus is wrapped around the other and feeds off its host?s body.? As both the twins draw nutrients from a single umbilical chord, the chances of survival are usually low in such cases. ?It is a very rare condition and this is for the first time I have encountered such a case in my  entire medical career...  Both the baby and the mother are doing well,? she added. \r\nThe North Delhi Municipal Corporation has said that the Ring Road and Aurobindo Marg near AIIMS and Safdarjung Hospitals will be declared a no-hawker zone. The move is aimed at streamlining traffic movement outside the hospitals so that patients, doctors, and ambulances coming to the medical institutes get easier access and other commuters do not face any hassle. \r\nDozens of street vendors will have to take their wares elsewhere as authorities in Delhi are gearing up to clear the perennial congestion near the neighbouring hospitals AIIMS and Safdarjung.The area will be turned into a "no hawker zone" as the encroachers cripple traffic movement and also get in the way of emergency vehicles.Lieutenant governor Anil Baijal has directed the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) chairman to take control of the Ring Road and Aurobindo Marg stretches from the Public Works Department (PWD).The move by the L-G follows repeated complaints from Safdarjung Hospital authorities that doctors and patients get delayed in reaching the institute on time as they get stuck in traffic outside.Dr AK Rai, director of Safdarjung Hospital, told Mail Today, "I have been getting complaints from patients' relatives, doctors and other hospital staff on being late in reaching the hospital when it's the need of the hour. Every day, it is the same issue and one gets stuck in traffic for nearly 20 minutes."A meeting was held on Monday with the Safdarjung director and Naresh Kumar, the civic council chief."The NDMC chairman formed a committee including officials and experts from the council, Delhi traffic police and Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD). These two road stretches - Ring Road and Aurobindo Marg -would be now declared as no-hawker zone strictly," Dr Rai informed.The emergency wards of both the hospitals are crowded with critically ill and trauma patients every day and ambulances coming from the Ring Road side always get stuck because it is highly congested during peak hours, said a doctor."For us, the main issue is to improve the traffic movement," Naresh Kumar told Mail Today. "We are looking for temporary, medium and long-term solutions. Delhi traffic police will manage the traffic movement at the bus and auto-rickshaw stands." "Moreover, most of the space on the road is occupied by private cabs. At the time of monsoon, there should be no traffic jam at Ring Road and Aurobindo Marg. All unauthorised hawkers will be removed from the entire zone," Kumar added.Heavy rains cause massive waterlogging at the entire stretch every year. Hordes of street vendors and hawkers are running their business illegally in the area and blocking the way, said Kumar."Our main focus is to improve the road infrastructure. From now onwards, Aurobindo Marg is under the jurisdiction of NDMC," he iterated.The Safdarjung Hospital director too pointed out that a rapid rise in the number of illegal vendors has created a bottleneck outside the hospital."It is advisable to shift the bus stop on Ring Road side and shops in the subway of the Ring Road and Aurobindo Marg. Proper pedestrian path should be made," said Dr Rai.Echoing similar views, Dr DK Sharma, medical superintendent of AIIMS, underscored the importance of streamlining traffic movement in such a manner that patients and doctors coming to the hospital get a smooth passage and pedestrians and other commuters too do not face hassles.ALSO READ |\r\nOver 400 farmers from Greater Noida and adjoining areas protested in Dadri seeking immediate release of 39 farmers arrested on Friday for stopping a passenger train and blocking movement on the Delhi-Howrah railway track for an hour. The arrested farmers had been demanding more compensation for land being acquired by the government for construction of the Eastern Peripheral Expressway. \r\nOver 400 farmers, including women, took to the streets in Dadri on Tuesday morning demanding the immediate release of 39 farmers who were arrested on Friday for stopping a passenger train and blocking movement on the Delhi-Howrah railway track for nearly an hour. The farmers were staging a protest demanding a hiked compensation for the land being acquired by the government for the construction of the Eastern Peripheral Expressway.The farmers of Bil Akbarpur village marched to Dadri tehsil and asked the administration for an unconditional release of the farmers.Also, the farmers have decided to presently accept the compensation of Rs3,640 per square metre offered by the district administration for acquiring their land. However, they said that they will challenge the acquisition in the court for enhanced compensation, as their counterparts in Ghaziabad have received compensation up to Rs17,000 per square metre.The farmers held a meeting with the district magistrate of Gautam Budh Nagar, BN Singh, on Monday on the issue but could not arrive at a consensus.Teja Gurjar, a farmer leader said, ?The administration has agreed to release the arrested farmers, but has asked us not to obstruct work on Eastern Peripheral Expressway.?The district magistrate said, ?I have met the farmers and have agreed to release the arrested men on the condition that they provide an affidavit that they will not indulge in anti-social activities such as blocking rail routes or obstructing construction work at the expressway site.? The compensation will be awarded as per the government norms and court?s orders, said Singh.Farmers of 39 villages in Greater Noida and adjoining areas had joined hands in protest on Friday, demanding enhanced compensation and said they had decided not to give their agricultural land for the compensation amount proposed by the government.In 2016, the compensation rate was decided at Rs3,500 per square metre, which was enhanced to Rs3,640 per square metre in 2017. Additionally, the district magistrate has also promised to give Rs5 lakh to each farmer family.\r\nInvestigators have released pictures showing how close an Air Canada flight came to crashing onto four planes at a US airport last month. Its pilots mistakenly descended towards a taxiway, where four planes were parked, instead of the runway before aborting the landing. Investigators said the incident came within a few feet of becoming one of the worst aviation disasters.\r\nNewly released data and photos show how shockingly low an Air Canada jet was when it pulled up to avoid crashing into planes waiting on a San Francisco international airport taxiway last month. The Air Canada pilots mistook the taxiway for the runway next to it and flew their jet to just 59ft (18m) above ground before pulling up to attempt another landing, according to National Transportation Safety Board information released on Wednesday.That?s barely taller than the four planes that were on the taxiway when the incident occurred late at night on 7 July. Pilots in a United plane alerted air traffic controllers about the off-course jet, while the crew of a Philippine Airlines jet behind it switched on their plane?s landing lights in an apparent last-ditch danger signal to Air Canada. NTSB investigators said they have not determined probable cause for the incident that came within a few feet of becoming one of the worst disasters in aviation history.?It was close, much too close,? said John Cox, a safety consultant and retired airline pilot.The investigators said that as the Air Canada jet approached the taxiway just before midnight after a flight from Toronto, it was so far off course that it did not appear on a radar system used to prevent runway collisions.Those systems were not designed to spot planes that are lined up to land on a taxiway a rare occurrence, especially for airline pilots. But the Federal Aviation Administration is working on modifications so they can, agency spokesman Ian Gregor said.Both pilots of the Air Canada Airbus A320 jet were very experienced. The captain, who was flying the plane, had more than 20,000 hours of flying time, and the co-pilot had about 10,000 hours.The pilots told investigators ?that they did not recall seeing aircraft on taxiway but that something did not look right to them,? the NTSB said.Investigators could not hear what the Air Canada captain and co-pilot said to each other during the aborted landing because their conversation was recorded over when the plane made other flights, starting with a San Francisco-to-Montreal trip the next morning. Recorders are required to capture only the last two hours of a plane?s flying time.Peter Fitzpatrick, a spokesman for Air Canada, declined to comment, citing the investigation. \r\nTwo sunbathers, a 56-year-old man and an eight-year-old girl, were killed on Wednesday when a light plane struck them while making an emergency landing at a beach in Portugal. The others had run into the sea to save themselves. The two occupants of the plane, which appeared to be in difficulty and had a partly broken left wing, were unhurt.\r\nTwo people were killed when a light plane made an emergency landing on a beach near Lisbon, Portuguese authorities have said.The two sunbathers, a 56-year-old man and an eight-year-old girl, died while others ran into the sea when the plane came down on Wednesday.Hundreds of sunbathers were on the popular S\xe3o Jo\xe3o da Caparica beach, 12 miles (20km) to the south of Lisbon, at the time. Officials said they were not aware of any other injuries.?A plane with two people on board made an emergency landing on S\xe3o Jo\xe3o da Caparica beach, striking two sunbathers and causing their deaths,? Portugal?s national maritime authority said in a statement. ?It happened very fast, there was no chance to prepare ... to run,? Enrique Coelho, who was playing with his son at the beach and saw the plane crash, told local media.The victims were hit by the plane, the commander of the port of Lisbon, Jose Isabel, confirmed.The two occupants of the plane were unhurt and were being questioned by officers from Portugal?s national maritime police. The small aircraft, a Cessna, appeared to be in difficulty and wobbled as it skimmed low over the sunbathers, scattering them and spreading panic on the beach, witnesses said.The plane appeared to have a partly broken left wing, which hung lower than the right wing, according to Portuguese TV pictures. Local reports said the aircraft was registered to a flying school in Torres Vedras.The Portuguese newspaper Di\xe1rio de Not\xedcias reported that the Aerocondor aviation school in Cascais had confirmed the aircraft ? a Cessna CS?AVA ? was ?on a training flight with one student and one senior instructor?, who had ?high experience and thousands of hours of flying time?.The dead girl was with her parents, who were unhurt, witnesses told local media. The plane passed over the dead man?s legs as he sunbathed on a towel, they said.One witness, Rita Rogado, 20, told the P\xfablico newspaper that the plane crashed right by the sea, dragging her along for a few metres in the sand. Some sunbathers said the plane appeared to be gliding, as they heard no engine noise.? This article was amended on 3 August 2017. An earlier version said S\xe3o Jo\xe3o da Caparica beach was 20 miles south of Lisbon. This has been corrected to 12 miles.\r\nThe Saudi-led coalition in Yemen is blocking deliveries of jet fuel to UN planes bringing humanitarian aid to the rebel-held capital Sanaa, UN officials said. Aid efforts were also hampered by delays and refusals of visas by the Yemeni government, officials added. The Saudi-led coalition has been involved in Yemen's civil war backing the Yemeni government against the Houthi rebels.\r\nThe Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen is obstructing deliveries of jet fuel to UN planes bringing desperately-needed humanitarian aid to the rebel-held capital Sanaa, a UN official said Tuesday.Auke Lootsma, the country director of the UN Development Program, also reported an outbreak of meningitis in Yemen, compounding the cholera epidemic and the risk of famine in the world?s worst humanitarian crisis.The United Nations operates two humanitarian flights into Sanaa from Amman and Djibouti, but there is no jet fuel available in the Yemeni capital for the plane to make the return trip.?We have difficulties obtaining permission from the coalition and from the government of Yemen to transport this jet fuel to Sanaa to facilitate these flights,? Lootsma, the country director for the UN Development Program, told reporters by video-link from Sanaa.Asked why the jet fuel deliveries were blocked, Lootsma said: ?It?s a good question. I don?t have an answer.?The fuel must be delivered to Sanaa from the port of Aden, which is controlled by the Saudi-backed Yemeni government.The Saudi-led coalition has repeatedly been accused of blocking aid to Yemen, one of the Arab world?s poorest countries, which has been brought to its knees since the military campaign began in March 2015.Yemen?s health system has collapsed during the war pitting coalition forces backing the internationally recognized Yemeni government against Iran-backed Shiite Huthi rebels.Describing the situation as ?very bleak,? the UN official said there were ?several? new cases of meningitis detected in Yemen but he could not provide details.Aid efforts are also hampered by delays and refusals of visas, by the Yemeni government and by the rebels in control of Sanaa, he added.Lootsma said he saw ?no end in sight? for the war that has left thousands dead, seven million people at risk of famine and more than 400,000 ill from cholera.\r\nThe US Air Force on Wednesday successfully launched an unarmed intercontinental ballistic missile from California, the fourth such test this year. The test will show the readiness and effectiveness of the weapon system, officials said. The launch comes amid concerns over North Korea which recently tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles which it claims has the range to reach the US. \r\nThe US Air Force successfully launched an unarmed intercontinental ballistic missile from California, the fourth such test this year.The 30th Space Wing says the Minuteman 3 missile launched at 2:10 a.m. Wednesday from Vandenberg Air Force Base, about 130 miles (209 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles.An Air Force statement said the test would show the effectiveness, readiness, and accuracy of the weapon system.Minuteman missiles are regularly tested with launches from Vandenberg that send unarmed re-entry vehicles 4,200 miles (6,800 kilometers) across the Pacific to a target area at Kwajalein Atoll.However, the latest U.S. launches come amid tensions with North Korea as that nation develops its own ICBMs.Flight data on North Korea?s most recent test, conducted Friday, showed that a broad part of the mainland United States, including Los Angeles and Chicago, is now in range of Pyongyang?s weapons, according to analysts.In response, the U.S. Air Force flew two B-1 bombers over the Korean Peninsula on Sunday in a show of force. The U.S. also said it conducted a successful test of a missile defense system located in Alaska.Previous Minuteman ICBM launches this year were conducted in February, April and May. That month, the Air Force also conducted a test of a missile interceptor launched from Vandenberg. The interceptor destroyed a mock warhead over the Pacific.\r\nThe remains of a German hiker, who disappeared while climbing in the Swiss Alps 30 years ago, have been found embedded in a glacier, police officials said. The remains were found by two people climbing the Lagginhorn mountain, they added. Recently, bodies of a Swiss couple who went missing 75 years ago were found perfectly preserved in the Alps.\r\nThe remains of a German hiker who disappeared while climbing in the Swiss Alps 30 years ago has been found embedded in a glacier, police said on Wednesday. The find was made on July 25 by two people climbing the Lagginhorn mountain, in southern Switzerland, police said in a statement. A few hundred metres before reaching the peak, the hikers spotted ?a hand and two shoes?, area police said. Extracting the remains that day was impossible because of poor weather, but rescue workers arrived by helicopter the following day, removed the remains from the ice and brought them to a hospital in the capital Bern for identification. Test have confirmed the climber was a German national born in 1943 who disappeared on August 11, 1987. The discovery came just two days after a Swiss couple who disappeared while walking in the Alps in 1942 were found in a receding glacier.\r\nVeteran actor Dilip Kumar has been admitted to Lilavati Hospital in Mumbai, following kidney complications and dehydration. The doctors treating the 94-year-old actor have said that he is stable and currently recuperating in the general ward while adding, "There is no cause for concern." The veteran actor had also been hospitalised twice last year due to medical reasons.\r\nYesteryear superstar Dilip Kumar was rushed to Lilavati Hospital on Wednesday owing to kidney complications and dehydration.Doctors said he is stable and currently recuperating in the general ward. ?There is no cause of concern.??The major reason of his admission was dehydration, which simultaneously impacts other organs as well,? doctors at the hospital said.The 94-year-old Bollywood actor has been facing medical complications in recent years. Last year, he was hospitalised in April due to fever and nausea, and in December to treat a swelling in his right leg.Kumar has acted in over 65 films in his career spanning over six decades and is known for his iconic roles in movies like Devdas (1955), Naya Daur (1957), Mughal-e-Azam (1960), Ganga Jamuna (1961), Kranti (1981), and Karma (1986).He is also honored with Padma Bhushan in 1991, Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 1994 and India?s second highest civilian award, Padma Vibhushan, in 2015. The Government of Pakistan has honoured him with its highest civilian honour, the Nishan-e-Imtiaz, in 1997.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Mangrove Society of India has listed Mumbai's two mangrove wetlands? Airoli and Vikhroli, among twelve unique mangrove forests in India. The twelve locations were selected to help conserve different mangrove species, and establish them as international tourism destinations, officials said. "Mangrove forests can sequester carbon 10 times more than tropical forests," they added.\r\n The Mangrove Society of India (MSI) has put two of Mumbai region?s mangroves   ? Airoli and Vikhroli wetlands ? among 12 unique mangrove forests in the country.Mangrove forests grow in creeks, estuaries, bays and lagoons and in inter-tidal areas ? area between the high tide and the low tide. Their ecosystem is believed to have evolved around 114 million years back in tropical and subtropical regions and India  has 3% (4,740 sq km) of the world?s mangrove cover. The unique mangroves located along India?s 7,516-km coastline are in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Goa, Karnataka, Kerala, Odisha, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The world?s largest mangrove forests in Sunderbans, West Bengal, are also featured in the list. The list was released by the MSI and the Goa state biodiversity board  at the National Mangrove Conference in Dona Paula, Goa last week. Maharashtra is the only state to have a dedicated cell protecting its mangrove cover.?Mangroves are under threat from developmental projects and we are failing to understand the value of safeguarding the coastline from disasters and their economic value when it comes to tourism. We do not have the concept of preservation in India,? said Arvind Untawale, secretary, MSI. ?The idea behind selecting these 12 locations is to enhance conservation and protection of different mangrove species, the biodiversity and establish them as international tourism destinations.?He added that tigers in Sunderbans, saltwater crocodiles in Odisha, and birds, fish, crabs, and the unique flora present in this ecosystem are not getting enough attention from the Centre. ?There is great potential for adventure, research, information, conservation and management aspects, which the tourism sector needs to focus upon,? said Untawale.Mangroves in?Vikhroli. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT File)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?What most people are unaware of is that India is home to a maximum number of flora and fauna species in the world,? said Dr K Kathiresan, former dean and director, Annamalai University and from the Centre of Advanced Study in Marine Biology. He added that of the total 4,060 species living in India?s mangroves, 969 are floral species, accounting for 24% of the biodiversity and the rest 3,091 are faunal species. ?Mangrove forests can sequester carbon 10 times more than tropical forests and carbon storage is four times more than tropical, temperate or boreal forests (coniferous forests),? said Dr Kathiresan.Experts said the tourism potential of mangroves in India, unlike many other countries in the world, is underexplored. ?We have to develop such spots for people to realise its importance. Tourism spots will not only help boost revenue but even their protection,? said N Vasudevan, additional principal chief conservator of forest, Maharashtra state mangrove cell. SAVING THE NATURAL COAST GUARDS While India has 3% of the world?s mangrove cover, environmentalists believe they are under threat from developmental projects. Here are the 12 unique mangrove forest locations selected for better conservation:Gulf of Kutch, GujaratEstablished in 1980 and 1982, the Gulf of Kutch Marine National Park (163 sq km) and Marine Sanctuary (295 sq km) are mangrove forests spread across 42 islands with rich marine and mangrove biodiversity. They are accessible from Jamnagar by boats that travel 10km to reach these areas. Vikhroli mangroves, MumbaiIt is one of the largest (2000ha) private mangrove forests in the country. More than 16 mangrove species, 82 butterfly species, 208 bird species, 13 crab species, 7 prawn species, 20 fish species and mammals like jackals, wild boards, mongoose, otters and leopards can be spotted at the mangrove ecosystem.Mangrove and Marine Biodiversity Centre, Airoli, Navi MumbaiThe centre, a pet project of the Maharashtra state mangrove cell, was completed and opened for public earlier this year. It is surrounded by a flamingo sanctuary that is spread over 1,690 ha, which includes 896 ha of mangroves and 794 ha of land adjacent to a water body, to safeguard more than 50,000 flamingos visiting every year.Achra, Maharashtra The mangroves near the fishing village of Achra are considered sacred.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT?FILE)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tLocated near the fishing village of Achra, almost 30km away from Kankavli on the Mumbai-Goa highway, this is the most dense mangrove spot in the Konkan region. Here, the mangroves are considered sacred as the entire area is owned by Rameshwar temple trust. Dr Salim Ali Mangrove Sanctuary, GoaEstablished in 1982, a 250-hectare mangrove patch at Chodan, located very close to Panjim, is home to 16 mangrove species, more than 100 birds and large intertidal fauna. The area has boat facilities, walkways and observation towers for a closer look at the salt-tolerant plants.Kali Nadi, Karnataka With the Western Ghats in the background, the lush green mangrove cover along the Devbagh creek of the Kali Nadi estuary near Karwar, Karnataka, is considered the most sacred mangrove forests of the state. Kannur, Kerala Situated along the famous Kerala backwaters and not very far from Kochi, large portions (587 ha) of the Kannur mangrove forest were recently declared as reserved forests (highest protection status) after a significant mangrove cover was lost owing to developmental projects. However, several parts were restored by the forest department with man-made mangrove patches that cater to both marine and intertidal biodiversity.Pichavaram and Muthupet, Tamil NaduTwo mangrove spots along the Tamil Nadu coastline ? Pichavaran near Chidambaram and Muthupet near Pulicat Lake ? are fed with Vellary estuary waters and are rich in mangrove biodiversity. The forests are famous for natural genetic cross breeding of the Rhizophora mangrove species. Coringa and Krishna Wildlife Sanctuaries, Andhra PradeshThe Coringa Wildlife Sanctuary, situated on the mouth of the Godavari estuarine delta, has a mangrove expanse spread across 235.7 sq km. It was established in 1978 and is accessible by road and by boats from Vishakhapatnam. Established in 1999, the Krishna Wildlife Sanctuary in Guntur is spread across 195 sq km and located at the mouth of Krishna estuary.The Mahanadi estuarine in Odisha.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT?FILE)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tBhitarkanika Wildlife Sanctuary and Kendrapada Mangroves, OdishaThe Bhitarkanika Wildlife Sanctuary, along the Mahanadi estuarine, is known to have the highest mangrove biodiversity in Asia and is famous for the estuarine crocodiles that are 22-feet-long. Spread across 145 sq km, the sanctuary was established in 1988. The Kendrapada mangroves have mangrove area of 133 sq km.Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve, West BengalSpread across a massive 1,40,000 ha land along the Ganges delta, the Sunderbans are the largest mangrove forests in the world between Bangladesh and West Bengal. It was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1987. The swampy mangroves are also home to chitals, crocodiles, monitor lizards and several birds.Andaman and Nicobar IslandsTourists around teh mangroves in Andaman and Nicobar Islands.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT?FILE)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tEstablished between 1983 and 1986, two national parks ? Mahatma Gandhi Marine National Park, Wandoor, south Andaman (281.5 sq km mangrove cover) and Rani Jhansi Marine National Park (256 sq km mangroves) ? have several islands with lush green mangrove cover and corals. Both locations are almost 30 km away from Port Blair. \r\nJammu and Kashmir Police have approached the Pakistan High Commission asking them to claim the body of Lashkar-e-Taiba commander Abu Dujana, who was killed by security forces on Tuesday. Notably, this is the first time the authorities have approached the High Commission asking them to claim the body of any Pakistani national killed in an anti-militancy operation in the state.\r\nJammu and Kashmir police approached the Pakistan high commission in Delhi and asked them to claim the body of Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) divisional commander Abu Dujana, killed by the security forces on Tuesday.Munir Khan, Inspector General of Police (IGP) Kashmir told reporters on Tuesday that Pakistan high commission has been approached to claim the body of Dujana, who belonged to Gilgit-Baltistan area in Pakistan-administered part of Kashmir.This is for the first time the authorities have approached Pakistan high commission asking them to claim the body of any Pakistani national killed in anti-militancy operations in Jammu and Kashmir.?If they don?t claim his body, we will give him a proper burial,? the IGP said, adding that authorities wished Dujana?s parents should see their son before burial and for that reason the Commission had been approached.Police refused to hand over Dujana?s body to the civilians for burial. The senior police officer said ?there was no reason to hand over the body of somebody to locals who did not belong to the Kashmir Valley?.Meanwhile, hundreds of mourners attended the burial of the other LeT militant Arif Lalihaari killed on Tuesday with Abu Dujana in Hakripora village.Arif was buried in his native Lalihaar village of Pulwama districton Tuesday evening.\r\nAbu Ismail, mastermind of the Amarnath Yatra attack, will reportedly replace Abu Dujana as the Kashmir division chief of Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT). Dujana was killed by the security forces on Tuesday after a seven-hour gunfight in south Kashmir's Pulwama district. Notably, eight pilgrims were killed and 18 were injured in the Amarnath Yatra attack last month. \r\nSlain Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) commander Abu Dujana will be replaced by Abu Ismail. Ismail will be the new Kashmir division chief of LeT after Dujana was killed by the security forces on Tuesday after a seven-hour gunfight in south Kashmir's Pulwama district. LeT commander Abu Ismail, a Pakistani national, was the mastermind of the deadly attack on Amarnath Yatra in which seven pilgrims, including six women, were killed and 19 were injured. Proactive operations have been launched, mainly in south Kashmir, to track down Ismail as investigations including communication intercepts have pointed out to his involvement in the attack on Amarnath pilgrims.Attack in Anantnag appears to be a reprisal for killing of several Lashkar militants including Bashir Lashkari in an encounter with security forces earlier this month. WHO WAS ABU DUJANA: (With inputs from Jitendra Bahadur Singh) Also read:Abu Dujana encounter: Jilted lover turned informer led security forces to LeT commander Top Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist Abu Dujana killed in Pulwama encounter\r\nExplaining his frequent visits to golf clubs, US President Donald Trump told his New Jersey golf club members that he spends so much time away from Washington DC because the White House is a 'real dump', according to reports. Notably, the White House is the most expensive house in the US and is worth almost $400 million. \r\nUS President Donald Trump has called the White House a ?real dump?, and said that he preferred staying at his own properties rather than at the executive mansion, a media report said.The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the account, which appeared on the website Golf.com. The hotelier-turned-POTUS reportedly told members of his Trump National Golf Course in Bedminster, New Jersey, that he preferred staying at his own properties rather than at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW, because the executive mansion is ?a real dump?, the Washington Post reported, citing the article on Golf.com as saying.Trump, in a May interview with Time magazine, had praised the White House for its ?beautiful kitchen?, ?amazing? phone system and ?incredible? historical furniture. ?People have no idea the beauty of the White House. The real beauty of the White House,? Trump earlier said.Meanwhile, taking aim at the US President, former first daughter Chelsea Clinton, who spent most of her teen years as a White House resident spoke out in support of the White House staff, thanking the ?ushers, butlers, maids, chefs, florists,? etc, for all the hard work they do.Representative Dina Titus, a Democrat, also urged Trump to take his family and move out of the White House if he was unhappy with conditions.Trump spent a good deal of time away from the White House, including 21 of his first 26 weekends, according to CNN count, mostly at his luxury Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida.\r\nA self-styled email prankster, known as @SINON_REBORN on Twitter, has fooled recently-fired White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci thrice. The prankster fooled Scaramucci by posing as recently-fired Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, as a Russian envoy and finally as one of his friends. The prankster said he targeted Scaramucci because he had used mental health issues as a "put down".\r\nA suspected British prankster appears to have conned White House officials including Anthony Scaramucci into replying to him after pretending in email correspondence to be several different members of the Trump team.The man, who goes by the Twitter handle @SINON_REBORN, posed as Jared Kushner well enough to convince homeland security adviser Tom Bossert to reply to him, according to CNN. Bossert included his personal email address in the exchange.Named director of communications after having been denied a White House role earlier, the New York financier and Republican fundraiser promptly\xa0threatened to fire everyone in his team\xa0over leaks. He also staged a combative and\xa0contradictory\xa0briefing room debut and talkshow tour; sought to bat away questions about\xa0suspiciously liberal pronouncements\xa0in his past and support for Trump?s Republican enemies;\xa0deleted tweets; warred openly with the former chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and seemingly forced him out; compared the struggle to take healthcare away from millions of Americans to\xa0Lincoln?s battle against slavery; poured obscene invective about leakers, Priebus and Steve Bannon\xa0down the phone to a New Yorker reporter; missed the birth of his son;\xa0saw his wife file for divorce; and was asked to resign.Trump?s first national security adviser ? one of four generals the president has employed ?\xa0resigned\xa0after it was revealed he misled Vice-President Mike Pence over his contacts with Russians during the election campaign. It was later reported that Yates had\xa0warned\xa0the White House Flynn was vulnerable to Russian blackmail.The most shocking firing of them all.\xa0Trump sacked his FBI director, by messenger rather than in person, as congressional and justice department investigations into links between Trump aides and Russia gathered pace. Lest anyone retain any doubt about why Trump pressed the big red button, he told NBC in a primetime interview the firing was tied to ?this Russia thing?. The reverberations will be felt for some time yet.The long-suffering but loyal surrogate for the president\xa0handed in his resignationin response to Scaramucci?s appointment. A Republican insider and Priebus ally, he never settled into the press secretary role after\xa0an infamous debut\xa0in which he angrily insisted Trump?s fantastic version of crowd sizes at the inauguration were true. Achieving by way of Melissa McCarthy?s\xa0lethal Saturday Night Live impression\xa0a somewhat dubious celebrity, his days at the White House were long rumoured to be numbered. His departure on a point of principle having seemingly been justified only 10 days later, he may now claim a sort of hollow vindication.The former Republican National Committee chair stayed loyal ? at least in public ? to Trump through Friday,\xa0when he was told his time was up. He stayed loyal after handing in his resignation too, rhapsodising about the president and his mission in interviews with CNN and, of course, Fox News. But it seemed Priebus?s card had alway been marked, less over his initial blocking of Scaramucci, which enraged the Mooch, or by his closeness to the House speaker, Paul Ryan, than by his private advice to Trump to quit the presidential race after 8 October, when the infamous Access Hollywood ?Gropegate? tape was published. The Washington Post reported that Priebus was thus never considered a member of the ?Oct 8th coalition?, a name for the inner cabal of Trumpites who have never wavered, however low their boss?s reputation has sunk.The man also fooled Scaramucci, the White House communications director who was fired on Monday, by pretending to be Reince Priebus, the former Trump administration chief of staff with whom he was believed to be in open warfare.In a series of emails, the man posing as Priebus baited Scaramucci, accusing him of being ?breathtakingly hypocritical? and saying ?at no stage have you acted in a way that is remotely classy?.Scaramucci responded: ?You know what you did. We all do. Even today. But rest assured we were prepared. A Man would apologize.?The heated exchange continued, with the prankster writing: ?I can?t believe you are questioning my ethics! The so called ?Mooch?, who can?t even manage his first week in the White House without leaving upset in his wake. I have nothing to apologize for.?Scaramucci replied: ?Read Shakespeare. Particularly Othello. You are right there. My family is fine by the way and will thrive. I know what you did. No more replies from me.? The White House has confirmed it is looking into the matter. ?We take all cyber related issues very seriously and are looking into these incidents further,? press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told CNN.Reince (me) giving @Scaramucci something to think about. He never replied haha pic.twitter.com/hutjACmogRAn excerpt of what I emailed to @Scaramucci whilst playing the part of Jon Huntsman Jr. Apparently this didn't seem out of the ordinary?! ?? pic.twitter.com/6INHJi3KCDThe man, who described himself as a ?lazy anarchist? on his Twitter profile, told CNN that his actions were meant to be ?humorous? not malicious.?I?m not trying to get the keys to the vault or anything like that.?He has previously convinced Scaramucci that he was the ambassador to Russia-designate Jon Hunstman and tricked Hunstman himself into believing he was the president?s son Eric Trump. He also fleetingly convinced Eric Trump he was his brother, Donald Jr. \r\nA UK-based doctor, Manish Shah, has been charged with 118 sexual offences, the Metropolitan Police said on Wednesday. Shah has been accused of 65 counts of assault by penetration and 52 allegations of sexual assault, police officials added. He has also been charged with one count of sexual assault on a child under 13.\r\nA GP who practised in east London has been charged with 118 sexual offences. Manish Shah, of Brunel Close in Romford, is accused of 65 counts of assault by penetration and 52 allegations of sexual assault, the Metropolitan police said. The 47-year-old is also charged with one count of sexual assault on a child under 13. The offences were alleged to have occurred at a GP practice between June 2004 and July 2013 and relate to 54 victims.The charges announced on Wednesday follow a long-running investigation into Shah. He has been bailed several times, having first been arrested in 2013.He is due to appear at Barkingside magistrates court on Thursday 31 August. Shah is registered as a doctor working with the national health service. The police investigation began over four years ago, after claims of sexual assault were made to detectives, and uncovered a series of allegations concerning alleged sexual offences.Specialist detectives from Scotland Yard?s sexual abuse command have been involved in investigating the claims. The decision to bring a series of criminal charges against Shah was authorised by the Crown Prosecution Service.The NHS has set up a dedicated number for any individuals who may have concerns or questions on 0800 011 4253.\r\nUS President Donald Trump's campaign could not have colluded with Russia because the team was too dysfunctional and disorganised to coordinate with a foreign government, the President's son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner has claimed. Notably, Kushner had acknowledged four meetings with Russians during and after Trump's presidential bid and insisted that he had "nothing to hide". \r\nPresident Donald Trump?s son-in-law says the Trump campaign couldn?t have colluded with Russia because the team was too dysfunctional and disorganised to coordinate with a foreign government.Jared Kushner, a senior adviser to the president, made the comment Monday during a closed-door session with congressional interns.A Democratic congressional aide says Kushner was responding to a question about Special Counsel Robert Mueller?s investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded with Moscow.ForeignPolicy.com first reported Kushner?s remarks. The aide was knowledgeable of the meeting and confirmed the accuracy of the comments.Last week, Kushner met privately at the Capitol with members of the Senate and House intelligence committees.He acknowledged four meetings with Russians during and after Trump?s victorious White House bid and insisted that he had ?nothing to hide.?\r\nA woman lawmaker of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party, Ayesha Gulalai, has accused party leader Imran Khan of harassing women leaders in the party and sending them obscene text messages. "My integrity matters to me the most and I cannot compromise when it comes to my honour and dignity," Gulalai said announcing her resignation from the party. \r\nA woman parliamentarian of Imran Khan?s Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) has stirred up a major row by accusing the cricketer-turned-politician of sending her ?obscene? text messages and harassing women leaders of the party.Ayesha Gulalai, elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from a reserved seat for women in the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan, also announced her decision to quit the PTI because she could not compromise on her honour and dignity.Addressing a news conference in Islamabad on Tuesday, Gulalai said the ?honour? of women in the PTI is not safe because of 64-year-old Khan, whom she called a ?fake Pathan?. Gulalai, who hails from the conservative South Waziristan tribal region and is the sister of leading squash player Maria Toorpakai, said Khan is a ?characterless person? who considers himself an angel but his conduct is ?highly indecent?. There was no response to the allegations from Khan though PTI spokesman Fawad Chaudhry dismissed Gulalai?s allegations and claimed she had ?sold her soul? for money.The lawmaker said she had received numerous text messages from Khan, and the first one was sent from his Blackberry in October 2013. She declined to read out the messages but asked journalists to contact the telecom authority in this context. She urged the Supreme Court to take notice of the matter for the sake of the honour of women members of the PTI as there is speculation that Khan might one day become the prime minister. Gulalai said her decision to quit the PTI had nothing to do with a case regarding Khan?s assets that is being heard by the Supreme Court. ?The criterion for awarding party tickets is entirely different in the PTI,? she said.She said she had the courage to come out against Khan and his clan as she is a brave Pathan and honour was more important to her. The lawmaker went on to say that Khan was more impressed by Western culture and wanted to replicate it in Pakistan.?Their change is confined to social media while workers like me work on the ground, whom they call inferior workers. When I used to attend meetings, Imran Khan gave tips on how to ridicule rivals and target them,? she said.Gulalai also accused the PTI government in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of corruption and said chief minister Pervez Khattak was acting like a ?mafia boss?.She rejected reports that she was joining the PML-N party of former premier Nawaz Sharif but praised him for respecting women.  \r\nHarry Potter author JK Rowling has apologised for a series of tweets in which she falsely accused US President Donald Trump of refusing to shake the hand of a child in a wheelchair during an event last week. Rowling was slammed for not removing the tweets from her social media account after her comments were proved to be incorrect. \r\nLondon, Aug 1 (PTI) Renowned Harry Potter author J K Rowling has apologised for wrongly accusing US President Donald Trump of refusing to shake the hand of a 3-year-old disabled child during an event. The 52-year-old British novelist, best known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series, said yesterday that she deleted her July 28 tweets after she was informed that they were "not a full or accurate representation" of what had happened at last Mondays health care event at the White House. Rowling came under fire for a series of now-deleted tweets in which she slammed Trump for seeming to ignore Montgomery Weers outstretched hand. "How stunning, and how horrible, that Trump cannot bring himself to shake the hand of a small boy who only wanted to touch the president," the author had said. But Marjorie Kelly Weer, mother of Montgomery, said Rowlings interpretation of the clip was wrong. "Re: my tweets about the small boy in a wheelchair whose proffered hand the president appeared to ignore in press footage. Multiple sources have informed me that that was not a full or accurate representation of their interaction," Rowling tweeted. "I very clearly projected my own sensitivities around the issue of disabled people being overlooked or ignored onto the images I saw and if that caused any distress to that boy or his family, I apologise unreservedly," she wrote. Trump is said to have shaken the boys hand as the president entered the room, the BBC reported. "If someone can please get a message to JK Rowling: Trump didnt snub my son & Monty wasnt even trying to shake his hand," Kelly wrote on Facebook. \r\nSubstantial presence of PM1, reportedly the most dangerous particulate matter, has been found in areas around Delhi's Lodhi Road, a study by System of Air Quality and Weather Forecasting And Research said. Its presence in the Central Delhi area may be attributed to the huge flow of vehicles since the particulate matter is a product of vehicular pollution, reports said. \r\nA recent study has found a substantial presence in the ultrafine particulate matter PM1, a dangerous pollutant, in Central Delhi.The PM 1 particle is 70 times finer than the thickness of a human hair, goes directly into the bloodstream and is potentially more dangerous than the more well known PM2.5 and PM10 pollutants. And no one knows how much of it is in the air we breathe.The Lodhi Road monitoring station of the System of Air Quality and Weather Forecasting And Research (SAFAR) under the Ministry of Earth Sciences has recorded the average volume of PM1 during summer, winter and the monsoon at about 46, 49 and 20 micrograms per cubic metres, respectively. The data from the year 2016 is collected in the only station that has the technology, says Gufran Beig, project director of SAFAR.The safe standards of PM1 have not been defined yet, in the absence of which its potentially harmful effects have not been documented. Globally, too, there might not be a standard but PM1 is considered the most dangerous among all particulate matter, particularly because of its size. It measures around 1 micron or less in diameter and can enter deep into the lungs and bloodstream.According to a Central Pollution Control Board 2010 study, small particulate matter can reach the alveolar region, causing heart ailments. These fine particles cover a large surface area, absorb toxic compounds such as heavy metals and organic compounds with high carbon content, the study said.These particles ? spewed primarily from vehicles, factories and construction sites ? are not dispersed and stay suspended in the air.But why is the air in Central Delhi flooded with these particulates??PM1 is a major product of vehicular combustion. Roads in and around the Lodhi Road area like other parts of Lutyens? Delhi see a huge flow of vehicles. This might be the reason behind the prevalence of this finer particulate matter. It also depends on where the station is located, the dispersion capacity, meteorological factors, among others,? Dr Dipankar Saha, additional director and head of the Air Laboratory at the CPCB told Hindustan Times.\r\nThe Ghaziabad Police has booked 14 people including 3 Congress workers for resorting to violence during protests in front of the Ala Hazrat Haj House on Monday. Nearly 500 protesters had pelted stones at the police during the protest demanding that the facility be opened to pilgrims immediately. The facility has remained sealed since its inauguration last year.\r\nThe Ghaziabad police arrested three persons and lodged an FIR under sections of the IPC and Criminal Law Amendment Act against them. Also, 14 persons were booked for causing damage to public property.The police have also named the involvement of 300-400 unidentified persons for inciting violence near ?Ala Hazrat Haj House? on Monday night.Those arrested include Naseem Khan, district president of Congress? minority cell and Puja Chaddha, the district president of Congress? women?s cell. Other Congress leaders have also been named in the FIR, in which the police alleged that 14 police personnel, including four sub-inspectors and a woman constable, were injured.?The FIR is lodged at Sahibabad police station and we have arrested three persons in this connection. Teams are on the lookout for other persons and trying to identify them through video footage,? Akash Tomar, superintendent of police (city), said.A large number of locals and Congress workers started gathering outside the Haj House near river Hindon from Monday afternoon, despite prohibitory orders in place in the district. The police also charged them under Section 188 of the IPC, which is applied only when prohibitory orders are violated.?Naseem Khan and Puja Chaddha are not traceable. We will protest against the police and the administration and will also hand them a memorandum about the lathi charge carried out by police on innocent people who were staging a peaceful dharna outside the Haj House. There were some miscreants who resorted to violence but they were outsiders,? said Harendra Kasana, district president of the Congress.For the last one week, since the Haj pilgrimage is on, locals have been demanding that the newly constructed Haj House, which was inaugurated by former UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in September 2016, be opened.However, the Haj House is caught up in litigation after three residents approached the National Green Tribunal and demanded its demolition, contending that the structure was built on land chunks of the Hindon floodplains.The tribunal on September 2, 2016, had said in its order, ?We make it clear that any steps or construction taken in the meanwhile shall be subject to the orders of the Tribunal passed in this Application (sic).?Earlier on July 27, Hindustan Times had published a report listing the reasons for closure of the facility. In response, UP minister Mohsin Raza had said that the decision not to make the Haj House operational was taken by the previous government (led by former Akhilesh Yadav) and the present government is continuing the same.?The decision was already taken by the previous government as the matter was with NGT even before the present government assumed office. The decision was taken to protect the environment and the river ecology. The influx of thousands of pilgrims is bound to create garbage issues in the river zone. This decision was taken earlier to avoid being in contempt of court,? Raza had said.In the meantime, the district administration has deployed police and provincial armed constabulary personnel outside the Haj House and are keeping a tight vigil on activities that may lead to an escalation of law and order.\r\nRepublican Senator Lindsey Graham has said that US President Donald Trump has told him they would rather go to war to destroy North Korea than allow it to develop nuclear-armed missiles. Adding that he prefers a diplomatic approach to solve the North Korean threat, Graham claimed, "There is a military option. To destroy North Korea's programme and North Korea itself."\r\nA Republican senator said Tuesday that US President Donald Trump has told him he would go to war to destroy North Korea rather than allow it to develop a long-range nuclear-armed missile.Influential lawmaker Lindsey Graham, a foreign policy hawk, told NBC?s Today Show: ?There is a military option: To destroy North Korea?s programme and North Korea itself.?Last week, North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un boasted that his country could now strike any target in the United States after carrying out its latest intercontinental ballistic missile test.World powers have been trying to stifle Pyongyang?s weapons programme through United Nations-backed sanctions, but have failed to daunt the regime and Washington is growing frustrated.Graham said if diplomacy, and in particular pressure from the North?s neighbour China, fails to halt the programme then the United States will have no choice but to take devastating military action.?They?ve kicked the can down the road for 20 years. There will be a war with North Korea over the missile program if they continue to try to hit America with an ICBM,? he said, describing his discussions with Trump.?He?s told me that. I believe him. If I were China, I would believe him, too, and do something about it. You can stop North Korea, militarily or diplomatically.?I prefer the diplomatic approach. But they will not be allowed to have a missile to hit America with a nuclear weapon on top.? \r\nComedian Sunil Pal, in a Facebook video, has accused filmmaker Anees Bazmee and his friend Mayur Barot of not paying Sunil his fees for a stage show. He said he had been invited by them to perform at a family function eight months ago. Sunil added that he is planning to take legal action against them.\r\nAfter accusing director Anees Bazme and his friend and associate Mayur Barot for non-payment of dues, comedian Sunil Pal is now planning to take legal action against both of them. However, Anees completely denies the charges. ?About eight months back I was asked by Anees Bazmee and his friend Mayur Barot to perform at a family function (in Mumbai). They told me I will be paid a certain amount later. But I never got my payment. And while Anees Bazmi got busy with his film, Mubarakan, Barot kept on telling me that they were getting a cheque drawn out for me. After so much of drama when nothing happened, I even messaged Anees Bazmi saying that I am planning to file a police compliant. I was shocked when he replied that I can do whatever I want to and that it won?t affect him,? says Sunil, adding both of them even said that they would cast him in their films but that too never happened. Meanwhile, the comedian-actor also contacted Cine And TV Artistes Association (CINTAA) and they had asked him to come with a written complaint. But Sunil never went to the cops because he thought that filing a case would take too much time. He therefore decided to make a video with a message for Bazmee and shared it on his Facebook page. In the video he says that he is sorry that Mubarakan didn?t work, and that its God?s way of showing justice to those who wrong others.?I made the video and sent it to Anees Bazmee around noon on Monday but he didn?t reply. So I thought I must upload it on Facebook. Some people have come to my support. Now I am planning to take legal action against both of them. I won?t let them get away like this,? adds Sunil of The Great Indian Laughter Challenge fame.Director Anees Bazmee denied the allegation brought against him by Sunil Pal.When we got in touch with Bazmee he said that the deal happened between Mayur and Sunil and he has nothing to do in it. ?I was just a mediator, who introduced them, beyond that I know nothing. Why will I do something like this for such a small amount? Sunil used to visit my Mumbai office and he was looking for work. Also I never promised to cast him in my film,? says the Welcome Back (2015) director. Voicing a similar opinion, Barot points out that the reason Sunil has dragged Bazmee?s name is because he is a well-known person. ?Sir (Anees Bazmi) has nothing to do with it. Sunil was looking for work and wanted to perform at this function. There was no discussion regarding remuneration. But then after sometime he said he wants his payment and even used foul language when I refused. His false accusation is defamatory for someone like me who is just starting his journey (he is producing Remo Dsouza?s film Nawabzade) in Bollywood. I just wanted to help Sunil, but it backfired,? adds Barot. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Administration of Union Territory Daman and Diu has issued a circular making it compulsory for all employees to celebrate Rakshabandhan by asking women employees to tie rakhis on the wrist of male colleagues. "It has been decided to celebrate the festival of Rakshabandhan on August 7. In this connection, all offices/departments shall remain open," the circular read.\r\nThe Daman and Diu administration on Wednesday withdrew a circular that asked women staff to tie rakhis on male colleagues after the order triggered a backlash from employees and was ripped apart on social media.The union territory?s administration was forced to retreat within 24 hours of issuing the circular that made it compulsory for its staff to celebrate Rakshabandhan at workplace.?It has been decided to celebrate the festival of Rakshabandhan on August 7. In this connection, all offices/ departments shall remain open and celebrate the festival collectively at a suitable time wherein all the lady staff shall tie rakhis to their colleagues,? the order, issued on August 1 by Gurpreet Singh, deputy secretary (personnel), had said.To ensure that no one skipped office, an attendance report was to be sent to the government the next evening.The two notifications ? one mandating the celebration of Rakshabandhan (left) and the other withdrawing the mandate (right) ? were issued by the Daman and Diu administration a day apart. The circular was withdrawn through a one-line order issued late in the evening by the UT?s department of personnel and administrative reforms.?The circular is ridiculous. There are sensitivities involved. How can the government dictate who I should tie rakhi to? We should maintain the professionalism of a workplace? an official told Hindustan Times earlier in the day. She refused to be identified.The notice was issued on Daman and Diu administrator and former Gujarat home minister Praful Kodabhai Patel?s direction, sources said.Rakshabandhan, a celebration of the bond between brothers and sisters, is one of several Hindu festivities and rituals that are no longer confined of private, family affairs but have become tools to push politic al ideologies.In 2014, the year BJP stormed to power at the Centre, Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat said the festival had ?national significance? and should be celebrated widely ?to protect Hindu culture and live by the values enshrined in it?. The RSS is the ideological parent of the ruling BJP.Last year, women ministers in the Modi government went to the border areas to celebrate the festival with soldiers. A year before, all cabinet ministers were asked to go to their constituencies for the festival.\r\nThe United States on Wednesday announced that the ban prohibiting its citizens from travelling to North Korea will take effect from September 1. "All United States passports are declared invalid for travel to, in, or through the DPRK unless specially validated for such travel," the restriction read. The ban will remain in effect for one year.\r\nThe United States on Wednesday officially set September 1 as the start date for a ban prohibiting its citizens from travelling to North Korea.?The department of state has determined that the serious risk to United States nationals of arrest and long-term detention represents imminent danger to the physical safety of United States nationals travelling to and within the Democratic People?s Republic of Korea (DPRK),? read the restriction as it appeared on Wednesday in the US government?s federal register.?All United States passports are declared invalid for travel to, in, or through the DPRK unless specially validated for such travel,? it added.An exemption was noted for approved humanitarian travel and for journalists in some circumstances. The ban is to remain in effect for one year, unless it is revoked sooner by US secretary of state Rex Tillerson.The travel ban was first announced last month in the wake of the death of American student Otto Warmbier who fell into a coma after being imprisoned by Pyongyang during a tourist visit.Warmbier, 22, a student at the University of Virginia, died in June after being held for more than a year on charges of stealing a propaganda poster from a North Korean hotel - and sent home in a mysterious coma that proved fatal.After his death, President Donald Trump said he was determined to ?prevent such tragedies from befalling innocent people at the hands of regimes that do not respect the rule of law or basic human decency.?Warmbier?s death added to already high tensions in the region over North Korea?s weapons ambitions, culminating in two successful test launches by Pyongyang in recent weeks of an intercontinental ballistic missile that experts say could reach US territory.\r\nFinance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that a "proper decision" would be taken on Air India's future and it would be in government's interest to protect jobs at the airline. Noting that the airline has debt of over ?50,000 crore, he said it is "not small" and "now we have to decide what has to be done with Air India".\r\nNew Delhi, Aug 1 (PTI) Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said a "proper decision" would be taken on Air Indias future in a competitive market and that it would be in the governments interest to protect jobs at the airline. His remarks come at a time when a group of ministers headed by him is working on the modalities for the divestment of loss-making Air India. In a competitive market, challenges are different and a "proper decision" would be taken on what Air India has to do in such a market, Jaitley said in the Lok Sabha. "Is mein karmchariyon ke services bachee rahen, is mein hamara bhi swarth hai (It will be in the interest of the government to protect the jobs at Air India)," he said while replying to a discussion on Supplementary Demands for Grants. Noting that the airline has a debt of Rs 50,0000-55,000 crore which is "not small", he said, "now we have to decide what has to be done with the Air India". He also wondered for how long can tax collected from the public be given to the public sector airline. The previous UPA government had extended bailout package worth little over Rs 30,000 crore to the national carrier for a 10-year period starting from 2012. \r\nUK roadside repair firm AA on Tuesday lost over \xa3200 million (nearly ?1,690 crore) or nearly a fifth of its value. This came after shares fell as much as 18% during the day after it fired its Executive Chairman Bob Mackenzie with immediate effect for 'gross misconduct'. However, his son said he resigned over an 'extremely distressing mental health issue'. \r\nThe AA has fired its boss, Bob Mackenzie, for ?gross misconduct?, with immediate effect, wiping nearly a fifth off the value of the company and making it the biggest faller in the FTSE 250.?Bob Mackenzie has been removed by the board from his role as executive chairman, from his other roles and as a director and as an employee of the company, for gross misconduct,? the AA said.A spokesperson for the roadside repair company said the sacking was a ?personal conduct related matter?, but gave no further details. It is not believed to involve fraud.However, a statement attributed by the Times to Mackenzie?s son, Peter Mackenzie, said his father had a serious health issue and had resigned. The statement said his father had tendered his resignation and resigned his directorships due to acute ill health. ?He is very unwell and has been admitted to hospital,? it said. ?The family trusts that all parties will act responsibly towards a loyal servant of the company in a manner which reflects the stress he has been suffering.?The company declined to comment beyond its initial statement.The shock announcement sent shares down as much as 18% at one point. The shares closed down 14%, wiping about \xa3200m off the value of the company.Mackenzie, 65, has been executive chairman of the AA since 2014, when he was instrumental in a stock market flotation of the company. His previous roles include chairman and chief executive of National Car Parks and its subsidiary Green Flag, a rival car breakdown business.The AA said Mackenzie?s responsibilities would be split, with Simon Breakwell, a non-executive director since 2014 and a founder of the travel company Expedia, appointed as acting chief executive. John Leach, who was senior independent director, has been appointed as chairman.The company had already announced plans to split the combined roles of executive chairman, with the aim of appointing a chief executive.In a trading update published alongside the announcement of Mackenzie?s departure, the AA said it was confident about the company?s long-term prospects but its financial performance in the first half of 2017 had been hit by a number of factors.?The financial performance in the first six months has been negatively impacted by the effect of erratic work load patterns on an inherently fixed cost base. This was especially true in June and July which saw significant spikes in demand.?We now expect the full-year performance to be broadly in line with that of the last financial year.?The AA said paid members totalled 3.33 million in the first six months of the year, an increase of 6,000 compared with the same period a year earlier. The company would publish first-half results on 26 September. ?At that stage, Simon Breakwell will be in a position to provide an update on our plans,? the company said.Analysts at Liberum noted their surprise at Mackenzie?s departure, adding that they ?do not believe that it is fraud-related?.They revised down their expectations for full-year earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation by 3% to \xa3403m, but said the company had made progress in some areas. ?After the accelerated [stock market listing] in July 2014, management had acquired a strategic asset akin to a desirable residence in Mayfair, where the plumbing and electrics were in need of investment,? the Liberum analysts said. ?We now believe that the face-lift is largely complete.?Some of the key metrics are generally encouraging, although that may be lost today. The transformation may have taken longer but there is tangible evidence of improvement.?The AA said that existing board member Andrew Blowers would replace John Leach as senior independent director, while Martin Clarke continues as finance director.\r\nAccording to reports, yoga guru Ramdev and actress Sonakshi Sinha will be part of the judging panel on upcoming reality show 'Om Shanti Om'. The show will be aired on Life OK, which is set to re-brand itself as Star Bharat. The judging panel will also include singers Shekhar Ravjiani and Kanika Kapoor. \r\nLife OK, which is geared up to re-brand itself as Star Bharat is coming up with a unique reality show. They have collaborated with Colosceum Media, that has produced shows like Roadies, Splitsvilla and MasterChef to launch a bhajan reality show.\xa0 The show will be judged by Yoga guru Baba Ramdev, Bollywood actress Sonakshi Sinha, music director Shekhar Ravjiani and singer Kanika Kapoor. Aparshakti Khurana, who was last seen in Super Night with Tubelight will host the show. According to reports, the shoot has already begun. Their first shoot was held on Tuesday at a studio in Powai, where actor Ranveer Singh was the first guest on the show with guest performances by Naagin actress Mouni Roy and rapper Badshah. "It's a youth-oriented show and the contestants will be singing bhajans and devotional songs set to contemporary tunes. Sonakshi is the perfect combination of the traditional and the modern. She also has a great connect with youngsters," informed a source to Times of India. \r\nActor Naseeruddin Shah, while talking about the controversy around 'Lipstick Under My Burkha', said that one needs to ask a psychiatrist why the Censor Board is afraid of female sexuality on screen. He added, "It's very frightening to see that the Censor Board can do whatever it wants and practise its biases openly and ban films that it doesn't like."\r\nNaseeruddin Shah has watched the film Lipstick Under My Burkha, starring his wife Ratna Pathak Shah, twice. And the veteran actor can?t figure out why the film was initially denied certification by the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC), aka Censor Board. ?I really don?t know what problem they had with the film. I think they have a problem with female sexuality being portrayed on screen. What the film?s success has done is that it has shown [the Censor Board] up, and what they thought about the film. I have seen the film twice, and it?s a wonderfully made film that talks about what?s going on in society. I don?t know why the Censor Board had a problem with that,? he quips. The CBFC letter informing the filmmakers that certification wouldn?t be given had called the film ?lady-oriented?, a perplexing word that drew much ridicule from filmmakers and actors. Afterwards, the Lipstick team got the required clearance from a parallel body. This has been one of the most high-profile tussles between the Censor Board and film teams in recent memory.With Lipstick?s release stalled for almost six months, director Alankrita Shrivastava and her team fought to get a clean chit, and finally received it from the Film Certification Appellate Tribunal, which asked for 16 cuts in the film. Naseeruddin Shah says, ?One has to ask a psychiatrist as to why they are afraid of [female sexuality] on screen. It?s very frightening to see that the Censor Board can do whatever it wants and practise its biases openly and ban films that it doesn?t like. But the success of such films prove that no one is bothered about what the Censor Board or the doubters think about [these] films.?Shah also criticises the Censor Board for being dictatorial. ?For starters,? he says, ?they are supposed to give a film a certificate; they are no authority to ban a film, or stay its release. But then they claim to be someone who can do that. Their narrow-minded approach affects the film industry. But nothing has been done about it.?Follow @htshowbiz for more \r\nAmitabh Bachchan has said that the opportunity of catching up on sleep on a film's set for actors is a rare and gifted moment in the script. While sharing a picture of him sleeping for a film scene, Bachchan added, "My sleep was genuine, they actually had to come and wake me up to tell me that it was over."\r\nBollywood star Amitabh Bachchan, who is currently shooting for his upcoming film ?102 Not Out?, says sleeping on a film?s set is a gifted moment in the script for an actor.?Sleep -- that mechanism that has been a constant in us all... like taking in air to breathe and survive... And the opportunity of catching up with its loss, on set is a gifted moment in the script, rare but so welcome,? Amitabh wrote on his blog on Monday night. Amitabh also shared a photograph of himself from a film?s set, where he was seen taking a nap. The 74-year-old actor is seen wearing a white kurta pyjama, socks and a monkey cap in the image.  The Piku actor said that with the lighting on the set, one actually goes of to sleep. ?One actually goes to sleep, while the lighting and the action and the scene is being conducted... Such a delight. And my sleep was genuine, they actually had to come and wake me up to tell me that it was over,? he added. The 74-year-old will be seen sharing screen space with veteran actor Rishi Kapoor in 102 Not Out. The two will be working together after over two decades. Amitabh will also be seen in Thugs of Hindostan, which also stars Aamir Khan, Katrina Kaif and Dangal fame Fatima Sana Sheikh. The film is directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya. An adaptation of the 1839 novel Confessions of a Thug, the movie is slated for a 2018 Diwali release.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA video of a policeman thrashing a vendor outside a passport office in Punjab's Ludhiana has gone viral. The victim, who sells file covers at a makeshift stall, was beaten by the cop after he reportedly refused to pay ?100 bribe. After the video went viral, Ludhiana Police Commissioner RN Dhoke initiated a departmental inquiry against the cop. \r\nAfter the video of a policeman hitting a man outside the passport office on Link Road in Ludhiana went viral, the commissioner of police, RN Dhoke, on Tuesday marked an inquiry to the assistant commissioner of police (ACP),  Atam Nagar, Naveen Kumar.The victim, Gurdeep Singh of Khud Mohalla, who sells file covers outside the passport office, said that on Monday while he was making sales from his makeshift stall, two PCR cops turned up there. One of them allegedly demanded Rs 100 as bribe to allow him to continue his work; and started thrashing him when he refused to pay.Some onlookers captured the incident in a mobile camera and put it up on Facebook.In-charge at the Atam Nagar police post under whose jurisdiction the area falls, ASI Dharminder Kumar, however claimed that Gurdeep ?gave in writing, in the present of people, that he does not want any action on the cop?.Later, commissioner Dhoke marked the departmental inquiry against the PCR cop, head constable Harvinder Singh.\r\nA Mumbai court has convicted 15 Somali pirates to 7 years of imprisonment in a 2011 case. The pirates were found guilty of attempt to murder and kidnapping for taking 22 people hostage on board a commercial ship from Thailand. This is one of the four cases registered against 120 Somali pirates, for holding 91 people from different countries hostage.\r\n A session court in Mumbai convicted 15 Somali pirates for 7 years of imprisonment in a 2011 case. The pirates had taken 22 people aboard a commercial ship from Thailand hostage. They have been found guilty of attempt to murder and kidnapping. This is one of the four cases registered in 2011 against a total of 120 Somali pirates, for holding 91 people from different countries hostage. The sessions court pronounced the verdict in the first of the four cases, where the pirates? mother vessel carrying heavy arms and ammunitions was intercepted in 2011, and the pirates were caught.The coast guard and navy, in a joint operation, then rescued the 22 men being held hostage on the ship. The men were Thai nationals and the ship was called Prantalaya. They also captured the 15 Somali pirates who jumped into the sea and took them into custody. The vessel had been captured by the pirates in 2010. They had been using it as their mother vessel since then.\r\nA teacher of a private school in Haridwar district of Uttarakhand has been accused of stripping two girls in front of the class for performing poorly in a test held for English subject. While the parents of the girls lodged a complaint against the teacher and the school management, the allegation has been refuted by the school authorities. \r\nA teacher of a private school in Haridwar district has been accused of stripping two girls in front of the class for performing poorly in a test held for English subject, an allegation refuted by the school management.According to police, a female teacher at JP International Public School in rural belt of Landaura forcefully stripped the two girls in a bid to shame them for their poor performance in the test. The incident left the girls shocked. After returning home on Tuesday noon, they informed their parents, who lodged a complaint against the teacher and the school management. Agitated by the incident, villagers gathered with the parents at the police station and staged a protest.Both the students belong to scheduled caste and therefore, police are moving very cautiously.Meanwhile, principal of JP Inter College Amita Rathore refuted the allegations of the girls and their parents, saying nothing such occurred in the school.Rathore termed the charges as baseless, saying the parents were trying to frame the English teacher and school management to ?malign our image?.?Whatever we have to say we have told the investigating police officer. How can a teacher force girl students to undress and make her roam in entire class?? she asked.A complaint has been lodged against the teacher and police are investigating the matter, superintendent of police (rural), Manikant Mishra said, adding that the case has been handed over to women helpline sub-inspector Pramila Bisht.?Parents and local people?s delegation, who met me, have been assured of due legal action and time-bound investigation,? Mishra said.District education officer (primary schools), Brahmpal Saini said that if such an incident had taken place, then it is quite shocking and a serious matter. He has sought a report from the deputy education officer and promised punitive action against the teacher and school the management, if the charges are found true.\r\nTMC leader Dinesh Trivedi has said that successive governments have "short changed" Air India by treating it like their private properties. Trivedi urged the government to reconsider its decision to privatise it. "As the government operates BSNL and MTNL in communications and Doordarshan and All India Radio in broadcasting, it should have a national carrier as well," he added.\r\nNew Delhi, Aug 2 (PTI) Successive governments have "short changed" Air India by treating it like their private properties, TMC leader Dinesh Trivedi said today as he urged the Centre to review the decision to divest stake in the airline. "By just looking at the debt and ignoring the revival signs would be to take a narrow view of the situation," the former railway minister said. As part of efforts to revive the national carrier, the Cabinet has given in-principle approval for divestment and the final contours are being worked out by a group of ministers. "If Air India today is in this financial situation it was not because of Air India but successive governments have short-changed Air India and treated it like their private properties and at times private airlines, be international or domestic came under category of favoured airlines," Trivedi told PTI. Against this backdrop, Trivedi said it is evident that there is potential for further growth of Air India if the turnaround plan continues along with other rationalisation measures. \r\nUK tobacco company British American Tobacco (BAT) is being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) over allegations about involvement in bribery and corruption in Africa. BAT has denied allegations of a whistleblower who handed over multiple documents to SFO. However, BAT has said it is cooperating with UK authorities as campaigners are now urging US government to act.\r\nAllegations that British American Tobacco was involved in bribery and corruption in Africa are being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office, despite the cigarette company?s attempts to downplay the significance of a whistleblower who handed over a dossier of evidence.BAT, now the largest tobacco company in the world after the recent merger with Reynolds, has consistently denied the allegations of Paul Hopkins, whom it employed in Africa for 13 years. When Hopkins handed over a large number of documents to the SFO in December 2015, BAT dismissed him as ?a rogue former employee?.The company later toned down its criticism, stating that it had appointed a team of external legal advisers to investigate the charges.The SFO?s inquiries have now become a formal investigation. In a statement it said it was ?investigating suspicions of corruption in the conduct of business by BAT, its subsidiaries and associated persons?. It invited members of the public to come forward with any evidence they might have.The news follows a major Guardian investigation revealing that BAT and other multinationals have used threats against at least eight African nations, demanding they axe or dilute the kind of tobacco control measures that have saved millions of lives in the west.BAT said it continued to conduct its own inquiries into Hopkins? charges. ?We have been cooperating with the Serious Fraud Office and British American Tobacco has been informed that the SFO has now opened a formal investigation. BAT intends to cooperate with that investigation,? it said.The company would not confirm whether the investigation concerned the allegations made by Hopkins.He has claimed he paid bribes on the company?s behalf to the Kenya Revenue Authority for access to information that BAT could use against its Kenyan competitor Mastermind. Hopkins also claimed that BAT Kenya had paid bribes to government officials in Burundi, Rwanda and Comoros to undermine tobacco control regulations.BAT hired the law firm Linklaters in February 2016 to conduct a ?full investigation? into the claims made by Hopkins. BAT later dropped Linklaters and appointed Slaughter and May as sole adviser on the case.Louis Charalambous, Hopkins? solicitor, said BAT had changed its tone. ?We note, with interest, that BAT have abandoned their earlier PR strategy of trying to shoot the messenger,? he said in a statement.?Paul Hopkins blew the whistle during his time at BAT and their internal team ignored him. Previously BAT tried to wriggle out by saying that Mr Hopkins had left their employ in acrimonious circumstances when, in fact, that was untrue. They also wrongly suggested that he had acted on his own, and portrayed themselves as the victims.?Now their new external law firm and revised PR strategy are silent about Mr Hopkins. They need to go further and set the record straight. The company cannot rewrite this history, and we look forward to seeing them answer these allegations in due course.?Hopkins said he had turned whistleblower at a cost to himself. ?I rejected an enhanced redundancy package designed to force me to sign a global confidentially agreement and just took statutory redundancy instead,? he said.Deborah Arnott, the chief executive of the campaigning charity Ash, said: ?At the time the allegations of fraud in Africa were first made against BAT the company accused the whistle blower of having a vendetta against the company and peddling falsehoods.?Eighteen months later and BAT is having to admit it?s under investigation by the Serious Fraud Office. The SFO must leave no stone unturned.?Matthew Myers, the president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, called on the US government to also investigate BAT. ?The allegations against British American Tobacco are serious and should be investigated and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law,? he said.?As British American Tobacco now operates the largest publicly traded tobacco company within the United States, we urge the US Department of Justice to also investigate the company?s alleged misconduct.?The BAT chief executive, Nicandro Durante, told the Financial Times in March that the firm would ?act in a very strong way? if wrongdoing was found to have taken place. He said: ?We are in 200 countries, so I cannot give a 100% guarantee that everything?s going to go by the book.?The SFO investigation is another blow to the company, after the US health watchdog, the Food and Drug Administration, announced tighter regulations on the tobacco industry, which hit shares in tobacco firms.\r\nComedian and television show host Kapil Sharma has said that he is not suffering from depression, while adding, "It's just a big term for me." He added that apart from low blood pressure, he isn't facing any health issues and is feeling perfectly fine now. Kapil also clarified he has no stress and pressure regarding The Kapil Sharma Show's TRP.\r\nComedian and TV?show host Kapil Sharma has finally spoken on the rumours of his depression. In an interview to Dainik Bhaskar, Kapil cleared the air surrounding his ill health and said that he merely has blood pressure problems, not depression.According to several rumours floating around since past few months, Kapil has been under a lot of stress due to the falling TRPs of his show, The Kapil Sharma Show. ?It (depression) is just a big term for me (laughs). Apart from low blood pressure, I am not at all facing any health issues. I have started taking care of my diet and body. I am perfectly fine now,? he said in the interview.Mumbai: Comedian Kapil Sharma Bollywood actors Riteish Deshmukh and Vivek Oberoi during the promotion of film Bank Chor on the sets of The Kapil Sharma Show in Mumbai, on June 8, 2017. (Photo: IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tKapil further explained how was busy juggling between his film and the show which led to stress. ?For the past few months, I was juggling my time between The Kapil Sharma Show and my film, Firangi. I was working day and night. I wasn?t getting much time to take care of my health. Also, I had stopped doing regular exercises and workouts. This led to developing low blood pressure. Now, I have changed my routine and my health is completely fine,? he said.When asked whether the falling TRPs were the cause behind his ill health, he refuted the claims entirely. ?Believe me or not, I get to hear such kind of news from the media people itself. Nobody from Sony Channel has come to me and spoken about it. In fact, the channel people have always been kind to me; they support me a lot. ?The Kapil Sharma Show? is not going off air; we are busy shooting for it,? he said.There were also rumours that Kapil made his guests on the show wait for hours before cancelling on them. ?I was under a lot of pressure and that?s fair enough. We all have our ups and down in terms of health; don?t we? I felt sick and that?s okay. It was genuine and people around me understood that. However, I did not keep anyone waiting on the set,? he said.TRPs for The Kapil Sharma Show took a nosedive since his PR nightmare of a fight with co-actor Sunil Grover on a flight where he got physically violent with him.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe release of the Shraddha Kapoor starrer 'Haseena Parkar', which was scheduled for August 18, has been postponed. Director Apoorva Lakhia said, "We collectively decided to postpone the film so that it can get enough screens and a worthy run at the box-office." Earlier, the film's release was shifted to August 18 to reportedly avoid a clash with 'Jagga Jasoos'.\r\nShraddha Kapoor?s ambitious project Haseena Parker has been postponed again and the reason being cited is upcoming big releases in August. The film, based on the life of Dawood Ibrahim?s sister, was initially scheduled to release on July 21. It was then slated to hit the theatres on August 18. Now, in order to avoid a box office clash with Shah Rukh Khan and Akshay Kumar?s film, the makers have decided to push the release date for later. The new release date is yet to be announced.Shraddha Kapoor as young and old Haseena in the film.A Mid Day report quoted the film?s director Apoorva Lakhia: ?We collectively decided to postpone the film so that it can get enough screens and a worthy run at the box-office.?The movie features Dawood?s sister Haseena Parkar?s journey from age 17 to 40 and her transformation from a young girl into Aapa. Shraddha?s brother Siddhanth Kapoor plays the role of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim, accused of the 1993 Mumbai blasts in which hundreds of people lost their lives.?The decision to postpone the film was taken last week. Anil Thadani (the film?s distributor), the producers and director Apoorva Lakhia realised that August was cluttered with too many releases. They realised that Haseena will have to compete with two biggies that are releasing in the weeks before ? Shah Rukh Khan?s Jab Harry Met Sejal (August 4) and Akshay Kumar?s Toilet: Ek Prem Katha (August 11). What makes it worse is that besides Haseena Parkar, there are three releases lined up for August 18 ? Bareilly Ki Barfi, Newton and Partition 1947,? it quoted a source as saying.The Apoorva Lakhia directed film also stars Rajesh Tailang, Ankur Bhatia and Sunil Upadhyay. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActor Prateik Babbar, while speaking about dealing with drug addiction, said substance abuse is like a bad marriage. "[E]ven after you quit, it haunts you for a while till people start noticing the turnaround," he added. Prateik further said, "Addiction is not a moral failing, it doesn't make you a bad person even if you have made a poor choice".\r\nIt took him five years and lot of courage to openly speak about his battle with drug addiction. After making a promising start in Bollywood, Prateik Babbar vanished from the limelight for a good five years. His absence might not have caught anybody's attention, but his return has grabbed many eyeballs. And why not? For the first time, the 30-year-old actor has openly spoken about his battle with substance abuse. When many actors shy away from talking about their issues, Prateik has come out in the open, talking about his his long battle with addiction. In an interview to Mumbai Mirror, the actor talked about addiction, recovery and his career. This is what he said. On addiction He has come to terms with complications of his life and has fought the demons of substance abuse. It was last year when he first talked about his drug addiction, and in the last one year, he has been a "work in progress". "Addiction is not a moral failing, it does not make you a bad person even if you have made a poor choice. People still think I got hooked because it was 'cool' for a celebrity to indulge in recreational drugs. But for me, it was more of an escape from reality. My childhood was complicated and there were a lot of questions I didn't have answers to so I looked elsewhere for solace," said Prateik. \xa0On acceptanceIt took him a while to understand that he was an addict, and he needed to get out of it as soon as possible. "Acceptance and speaking up can help change the face of addiction. It educates those who are ailing and tells others that the stereotype of people suffering is the exception rather than the rule. Acceptance is one of the first steps to recovery," added the actor. On coming outPrateik came out in open about his addiction as he didn't want to keep his fans in the dark. He wanted them to be aware of the dark truth of his life. "I'm a fighter and criticism is not an option for me. Yes, one is entitled to his/her opinion and it's human to be judgmental but everyone deserves a second chance. The idea is to move on. I want to create awareness by showcasing the boy uninterrupted so the world doesn't get to see just one side of the story," said the 30-year-old actor. On recoveryIt has taken him a few years to get back to his normal life and he says that with each passing day, he is making an effort to better his life. He said, "I'm still on the road to recovery but I'm proud to have turned over a new leaf. Substance abuse is like a bad marriage, even after you quit, it haunts you for a while till people start noticing the turnaround. I'm answerable to only my conscience. And yes, people take me more seriously now that I'm no longer the hippie rave but someone committed to fitness, auditions and family."On his careerHe began his career with the 2008 film Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na, and went onto bag a few promising roles in the subsequent years. However, it's been almost five years since Prateik has been seen on the big screen. But the actor is all set to bounce back. "I'm looking for quality work and am not embarrassed to go out and ask for it. I'm also doing a lot of theatre with Jeff Goldberg because I believe it polishes your acting skills," he added. \r\nProducer of 'Babumoshai Bandookbaaz' Kiran Shroff, while talking about sexist comments she faced, has said that a Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) member asked her how she could make a film like this being a woman. A male member added, "But she is not a woman. Look at what she is wearing." Kiran said that such thoughts were regressive.\r\nThe CBFC (Central Board of Film Certification) seems to have forgotten that their job is to certify, not censor. The latest victim of their scissors is Nawazuddin Siddiqui-starrer Babumoshai Bandookbaaz. The Pahlaj Nihalani-led board ordered a whopping 48 cuts to the film, and when India Today Television reached out to him, he said, "We are just doing our job."But this is not the worst of it. Disparaging sexist comments were allegedly made by CBFC members about the producer, Kiran Shroff, for green-lighting a film with such 'abusive' content. According to a report in Bombay Times, a female member asked her how she, as a woman, could be involved in the making of a film with so many abuses. At this point, a male member is said to have interjected, "Inhone to pant-shirt pehni hai. Yeh aurat thodi hi hain."Kiran told the publication, "They had an internal discussion for an hour after the screening. First, they told us that they were giving us an A certificate. Then they told us that there are 48 cuts. We argued that if the film is for adults, then why have so many cuts. They didn't bother much, and continued to explain each cut and their logic behind it."She added, "In the middle of that, a lady officer turned to me and said, 'Aap aurat hokar aisi filmein kaise bana sakti hain'. And before I could speak up, a man in the committee said, 'But she is not a woman. Look at what she is wearing.' I was dumbfounded. This is such a regressive thought... Sadly, this is the kind of humiliation producers have to put up with. If they are judging me by my clothes, I can imagine the parameters they must have used to pass my film."Babumoshai Bandookbaaz has been directed to do away with abusive words as well as 80 per cent of its "humping" scenes. Director Kushan Nandy was appalled and told the daily, "First and foremost, we don't have humping scenes. They are love-making scenes. I am shocked and appalled with what has happened. If you notice the cuts, there's a sentence, 'Yeh kaahe ka c******a hai'. We use such sentences in our everyday life. The excuse given to us is that children also sneak into cinema halls to watch adult films. How is that my problem? Penalise the cinema halls for this, not the producers. The way they have dealt with our film is insulting. They humiliated Kiran which is unpardonable."Apparently, the filmmaker has been asked to get rid of a bunch of sentences with the word "khada" in it. He met Pahlaj Nihalani in private to discuss the directives, but the CBFC chief had a shocking response - "You are lucky I'm not banning your film."Kushan said, "When I argued that there are no grounds to do that, he retorted, 'What are these abuses? Do you plan to make a dictionary of bad words?' He even asked me to change lines like 'Maa ka lehenga' to 'Maa ka anchal'. In short, the essence of what is being said is lost. He told me, 'C*****a ko tutiya kar do.' He is basically trying to teach us to make a film. And finally, he told me to remove the line that has 'Khada' in it. He said, 'I will never let it pass because I am abused for my song Khada Hai Khada Hai to this day.' I'll fight this till the end."Pahlaj Nihalani refused to comment on the matter.At a media interaction today, Kiran Shroff shared all that the CBFC members told her. One CBFC board member asked Kiran Shroff(producer) 'Why as a woman have you made this film?: Kushan Nandy,director #BabumoshaiBandookbaazThen another CBFC board member said 'ye to pant shirt pehne huye hain woman thodi hain': Kushan Nandy,director #BabumoshaiBandookbaazThey(CBFC) told us that we have given 48 cuts in the film: Kiran Shroff,Producer #BabumoshaiBandookbaazpic.twitter.com/NbFBDWZHSpThen Pahlaj Nihalani came and told me that I am lucky that my film is not banned: Kushan Nandy,Director #BabumoshaiBandookbaazpic.twitter.com/RHBxREjM4f\r\nActress Sana Khan, while speaking about Salman Khan hugging her on the red carpet at an awards show, said she can't believe that a normal hug was trending. "People just blew it out of proportion because [Salman] had closed fists, and some dumb people even called it an awkward hug," she added while slamming those who trolled her.\r\nActor Sana Khan was up for a not-so-pleasant surprise on Tuesday, when a video of her hugging actor Salman Khan went viral for all the wrong reasons. Sana walked the red carpet at a recently held TV awards show in Mumbai, and when she spotted Salman, the two exchanged a hug. What made it news was Salman?s closed fists, and his shy smile. ?I still can?t believe that a normal hug was trending, trolling, and rolling,? says Sana. ?People just blew it out of proportion because [Salman] had a closed fist, and some dumb people even called it an awkward hug.? The actor adds that it?s only normal for people to wear backless clothes at a red carpet event.    There is always a wild side to an innocent face ?? Look for Big zee entertainment awards ? Gown by @nikhitatandon Earring by @caratlane Ring by @dwarkadaschandumaljewellers Styled by @sayali_vidya A post shared by Sana Khaan (@sanakhaan21) on Jul 29, 2017 at 12:15pm PDT Did she feel that Salman was uncomfortable even for a moment? Sana replies, ?Who am I to make him feel uncomfortable? It?s stupid to put somebody down by saying such a nasty thing and showing me in a wrong light. It?s not [as if] I went to hug him and he didn?t recognise me.?But why that closed fist? ?Couldn?t it be somebody?s style? Maybe he hugs like that. I don?t know. I think the best person [whom] to ask this would be Salman. [Also] He has been in the [film] industry for over 25 years, so don?t think backless even matters to him? he has seen more than that (laughs). Let?s not talk like a five-year-old and make all this sound so big,? says Sana.I?m not a psychopath to hug somebody if the person doesn?t want to talk to me. I?m not someone who makes people stand and keep talking and falling on their lap.Sana has known Salman ever since she first appeared in 2012 on the reality show Bigg Boss (which was hosted by Salman) and later worked with the actor in the 2014 film Jai Ho. Lashing out at those who are calling it a forced hug, Sana retorts, ?I?m not a psychopath to hug somebody if the person doesn?t want to talk to me. I?m not someone who makes people stand and keep talking and falling on their lap. I am on good terms with Salman; we share a rapport, I talk to him on and off, we?ve met so many times, I?ve been to his house, and we have worked together on the sets also. So there?s nothing to feel awkward [about].?The actor shares that she had a brief two-minute chat with Salman, and that may have got everyone curious. ?For a moment, Salman didn?t recognise me ? he literally told me that. [Then] he complimented me that I look very nice. And I said, ?Yes, I?ve dropped 7kg?, and he is like, ?It?s showing,?? reveals Sana.Was it the backless outfit that made the hug look ?awkward?? Sana says, ?Well, could be. Maybe he didn?t want my back bronzer to fall on his clothes. He has worked with all sexy and good-looking actresses, who would use bronzer from head to toe, so he knows that. And it?s not that he wants to feel me up or I want to feel him up. I am sorry, we have all grown up from that zone. We need to respect each other?s space and gestures.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nDia Mirza, while talking about being trolled on social media, said she used to get frightened by the rape and acid attack threats she received online for expressing her opinion. Dia added, "Elements...who are faceless and nameless...who harass people, (don't) need to be taken seriously...we need to be like ducks and let (trolling) be like water sliding off our backs."\r\nActor Dia Mirza, who was in Delhi to walk for designer Anju Modi at the India Couture Week 2017, has not just a lovely face but also a strong mind. And that is something Twitter trolls couldn?t digest. In this era of non-stop trolling, Dia recalls how, in her early days in Bollywood, she was targeted for expressing her opinion on various issues. In recent times, Dia?s tweets have advocated water conservation on Holi and a noise-free Diwali. ?In the earlier days, when I did get trolled, it really affected and frightened me. Because when you?re told that people want to throw acid on you, or they want to rape you, or kill you, or call you anti-national because of something that you?ve said... and they ask you to move to another country... and it?s all new to you, then it really alarms you,? she says. The 35-year-old actor was trolled  on social media  when she had tweeted and urged her fans to play a dry Holi. She had written: ?The irony of the times we live in: farmers commit suicide due to drought and people waste water to ?play? #Holi. Go ahead call me anti-Hindu.? The trolls were quick to tag her as anti-national. Dia was also called intolerant when she had tweeted about wanting a cracker-free Diwali. Now, after so many years in Bollywood, Dia takes such crude reactions in her stride. The actor states that she has always voiced her opinion on issues that deeply matter to her. ?I have continued to express my opinion. I reserve my opinion for things that truly matter to me. And when you express your opinion on something that deeply matters to you, it doesn?t matter how people construe it,? she says. ?I feel that those elements on social media who are faceless and nameless, who make it their business to harass people, [don?t] need to be taken seriously. I?ve been in the public sphere long enough now to understand that we need to be like ducks and let this [trolling] be like water sliding off our backs. The only thing that matters is our own truth. The intent is what should matter,? adds the actor. Dia will be seen next in the Sanjay Dutt biopic by Rajkumar Hirani; she plays the role of Maanyata, Dutt?s wife. Speaking about her film and working with Hirani ? he is the director of such blockbusters as Lage Raho Munnabhai (2006), 3 Idiots (2009), and PK (2014) ?  Dia says, ?Rajkumar Hirani is my favourite director. (Dia worked with Hirani in Lage Raho Munnabhai, starring Sanjay Dutt as Munnabhai.) It was an absolute pleasure to be asked by him to be a part of Sanjay Dutt?s biopic. [Hirani] is one of those real people who tells stories in the most unique and honest way. I have known Sanju sir for many years and through the course of my interaction with him, I have interacted with Maanyata as well. It has been such an honour and joy working with Rajkumar Hirani, Ranbir (Kapoor, who plays Dutt?s role in biopic), Anushka (Sharma), and Vicky Kaushal.?\r\nComedian Sunil Grover has said that there is no need for a mediator to resolve the feud between him and Kapil Sharma. "I know [Kapil] very well. Why do I need someone else to sort things between us?" he added. Sunil further said, "Anyway, the best part is that the comedy didn't stop and it's continuing from both ends."\r\nComedian-actor Sunil Grover has stayed away from the limelight for almost five months now ? he quit The Kapil Sharma Show (TKSS) after a fight with Kapil on board an aircraft. As he turns a year older on August 3, Sunil says that misses his audiences as much as they miss him.Asked about his plans, Sunil says, ?I want to entertain people and remain in this field. This is what I love doing, and have tried to do for all these years. Right now, I?m just in the process of thinking.?Sunil is still reticent about the mid-air brawl that severed his very successful partnership with Kapil. ?Quite often, when you say something, it shows the other person in a very bad light, though unintentionally,? says Sunil. ?What you say is perceived to be the truth and how you see facts might not really be true, and can sound demeaning for the other person. With Kapil, I?ve had a great association, and I have deep gratitude for the platform we shared.?    Neutral gear. A post shared by Sunil Grover (@whosunilgrover) on Jun 20, 2017 at 2:17am PDT Recently, Sunil shot for a special episode as Mashoor Gulati (his popular character on TKSS) to promote Salman Khan?s film Tubelight. Did the episode make him nostalgic? Was there a change of heart about TKSS? ?Mere heart ko hua kya tha jo change hona tha? My cholesterol levels are fine and there?s no blockage in my heart,? quips Sunil.In these five months, many industry colleagues have tried to bring about a patch-up between Kapil and Sunil. The latter says that there?s no need for a mediator. ?I know [Kapil] very well. Why do I need someone else to sort things between us?? says Sunil. ?We still have each other?s numbers and we haven?t changed them. But I?m thankful to those who are [still] taking the initiative; it?s so nice of them. Anyway, the best part is that the comedy didn?t stop and it?s continuing from both ends.?About the news of Kapil not keeping well, owing to the dipping TRPs of his show, Sunil says, ?I heard about this, and I can only say that he should take good care of himself.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nAuthorities have removed the copies of the Bible and Quran placed near APJ Abdul Kalam's memorial in Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu, following a complaint. Kalam's relatives had placed the books alongside the sculpted Bhagavad Gita placed near the statue before its inauguration. Later, a Hindu nationalist party filed a complaint saying keeping them without permission is wrong.\r\nIndian authorities have removed a copy of the Bible and the Quran from a new statue of a former president after a complaint by a Hindu nationalist party, officials said Tuesday.The removal of the books has fuelled a religious row over a carving depicting a Hindu holy book placed next to the statue of APJ Abdul Kalam at Rameswaram in the southern state of Tamil Nadu.Kalam, who as a scientist played a leading role in India?s landmark 1998 nuclear weapons tests, was president from 2002-2007 and a strongly secular figure.The sculpted Hindu Bhagvad Gita book was placed next to the statue before it was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi last week on the second anniversary of Kalam?s death.Relatives placed the Bible and the Quran next to the Gita in protest. That infuriated the Hindu Makka Katchi nationalist party, which said it made the complaint to police.?The authorities removed the Bible and the Quran at the site. We are also looking at the complaint filed with us,? police superintendent Om Prakash Meena said. K Prabhakaran, a member of the Hindu Makkal Katchi, told an?English newspaper, ?I respect all these books. But keeping them (at the memorial) without permission is wrong. Steps should be taken to see such things are not done again.? Authorities have since prevented photographers from taking images of the statue. Memorial officials did not respond to queries. Kalam was born into poverty and sold newspapers as a child to support his family while studying. His work on India?s own nuclear weapon earned him the nickname of ?India?s missile man?.\r\nA 25-year-old man was on Wednesday assaulted by a mob which allegedly found him in a compromising position with a woman at a government-run centre in Bokaro, Jharkhand. The victim, found unconscious when police rescued him from the mob, has suffered multiple injuries on his head, neck, legs and back. The man is reportedly battling for life in a hospital.\r\nA 25-year-old man was battling for life on Wednesday after he was assaulted by a mob which allegedly found him in a compromising position with a woman at a government-run centre in Jharkhand?s Bokaro town, police said.The man, identified as Sakib Ansari, was unconscious when police rescued him from the mob comprising 50-odd men. Doctors said Ansari suffered multiple injuries on his head, neck, legs and back.Over the past few months, several people have been lynched in the BJP-ruled state over charges ranging from raping women, smuggling cow,  and child-lifting. The latest incident took place at a Pragya Kendra, a government-run service centre that offer facilities such as linking Aadhaar number with other documents, issuing caste certificates, voter ID cards and PAN cards. When people turned up at the common service centre with their respective requisitions on Wednesday morning, they allegedly found Ansari half-naked with a woman at the Heena Market Pragya Kendra.He was dragged out of the office premises and beaten with sticks, belts, shoes and slippers by the mob.Ansari fell unconscious after the assault, but the mob continued thrashing him until the police intervened, sources said.The police rushed Ansari to the Bokaro General Hospital. He was yet to regain consciousness, doctors said.Bokaro deputy superintendent of police Poonam Minz said that the police have lodged an unnamed first information report against the mob, and arrested one Mantu Yadav in connection with the case.?We have arrested one, and are scanning the CCTV footage to identify others who assaulted the man,? she said.In April, a 25-year-old man was beaten to death in Saraikela Kharsawan for allegedly raping a five-year-old girl. On June 8, a 45-year-old man was lynched for allegedly raping a widow in Palamu and on June 27, another man was beaten to death by a mob for allegedly raping an eight-year-old girl in Dumka.Police deployed additional security forces across the affected area to prevent the incident from snowballing into a communal conflagration.?Rumour-mongers on social media too are under our scanner,? said a Bokaro police official working with the cyber cell of the district.\r\nThe Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) in Bihar's Patna has asked its employees to declare their virginity and number of wives/husbands in a marital declaration form. Further, the form spelt bachelor as 'bechelor'. "This is not a new form and has been in practice since 1984 when IGIMS was established," Deputy Medical Superintendent Dr Manish Mandal said.\r\nIn a ridiculous step, the Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) in Patna has asked its employees to declare whether they are virgin. The marriage declaration form which has come to light is applicable for hospital employees and freshly recruited doctors and nursing staffs. The form also asks male employees to provide details if they have more than one wife.Women employees apart from declaring status regarding their virginity have also been asked to provide details on whether she is married to a person who has no other wife living or another wife living. Speaking to India Today, the Deputy Medical Superintendent, Dr Manish Mandal said that the marriage declaration form with the contentious questions have been in practice ever since the institute was established in 1984."Everyone has to fill this form which is part of Central Services Rules and this form is similar to what AIIMS in Delhi uses. If the Centre or AIIMS changes the format of the form in the future, we will also change it. This is not a new form and has been in practice since 1984 when IGIMS was established", said Mandal.\xa0 Elaborating on the need to extract personal details like one's virginity, Dr Mandal said that the questions have been asked in order to avert any kind of wrong doing. "In the Central Services Rules there is a provision that when a person joins the service and later on if she dies because of any eventuality, there may be a claimant or boy friend who may come to seek job in place of the victim", said Dr Mandal . However, Dr Mandal admitted that the use of word virginity was incorrect."Essentially what is being asked in the form is whether a person is married or unmarried?\xa0 Personally I feel the word used should have been unmarried instead of virgin. That would have been sober but what is there in the rules have to be followed," said Dr Mandal.\r\nBrihanmumbai Municipal Corporation is planning to redevelop eight entry points of Mumbai's Juhu beach in the second phase by August-end, authorities said. As per the plan, each entry point will have five metre high walls, and steps with railings among others. While residents welcomed the move, an activist said that any beautification shouldn't affect "the natural feel of the beach".n  \r\nThe eight entry points of the city?s most popular beach are all set to get a facelift. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) earlier redid a 5-km stretch of the Juhu beach. While the first phase of the project faced opposition from some citizens and activists, Juhu residents said they welcome the beautification work.\xa0According to a plan proposed by BJP legislator Ameet Satam, each of the eight access points to the beach will have 5m high walls, bollards to restrict vehicles, ramps and steps with railings, welcome signs and a few lights.  ?We will use paver blocks and gabion steps. Steps and railings will make the beach accessible for senior citizens,? said an official.\xa0While activists were unhappy with the plan to set up multi-coloured lights on the beach, they appreciated the BMC's effort to make the beach more accessible. ?Natural spaces should not be tampered with. Redeveloping the entrances is a good move but any beautification should not take away the natural feel of the beach,? said Ashoke Pandit, convener, NGO Save Open Spaces.\xa0Zahida Banatwala of the Juhu Citizens' Welfare Group (JCWG) said, ?Every monsoon, the access points get damaged. So, this is a good move, but the BMC is still doing a shoddy job of cleaning the beach.?\xa0Smita Chakravarty of the NGO, Juhu-Soul of the City, told HT, ?Apart from the redevelopment, we also need a play area for children\xa0on the beach.?\xa0Satam estimated the redevelopment of the access points to cost Rs80 lakh, under a Rs12-crore Juhu beach tourism plan. Of the eight points, Birla Lane, Military road, Granth lane and Silver beach lane have already been redeveloped. ?The first phase of the project included themed-lighting and redevelopment of the central Chowpatty. This is a one of its kind lighting and won?t hamper the natural feel of the beach,? said Satam.\xa0Officials said the second phase will be completed by the end of August and the themed-lighting will be inaugurated by CM Devendra Fadnavis.\r\nKriti Sanon, when asked about 'Hate Story' actress Bhairavi Goswami's tweet saying Kriti is a "deranged actress" with "no headlight" and "no bumper", enquired who Bhairavi is. She further said,  "I'm just happy for her. She got a lot of publicity. Now you guys know her name also". Bhargavi had also commented that even college students look better than Kriti.\r\nIt was last week that Kriti Sanon posted a video where she is dancing to a song from Mubarakan. Immediately Kamaal R Khan, the serial offender, posted a tasteless comment on the actor targeting the poor box office performnce of Kriti?s last cinematic outing, Raabta. Adding her voice to the chorus was actor Bhairavi Goswami who last appeared in Hate Story.Taking to Twitter, Bhairavi wrote, ?she is really behaving like a deranged woman. How did she become an actress. No headlight, no bumper. Even college students look better.? The crass tweet soon got a serious backlash on Twitter with many questioning who Bhairavi was.But the best reaction, by far, has been that of Kriti herself. On Tuesday at an event, Kriti was asked by the media about Bhairavi?s tweet. ?Who is Bhairavi Goswami?? Kriti enquired. When told about Bhairavi?s filmography, the Bareilly Ki Barfi star said, ?I think, I?m just happy for her. She got a lot of publicity. Now you guys know her name also, so yeah.?Now, that is badass.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActor Tom Hiddleston will star in a play on William Shakespeare's 'Hamlet', which will be directed by Kenneth Branagh. The production aims to raise money for the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, the drama school attended by Hiddleston. Tickets will be available through a lottery and winners will be able to collect them only on the day of the performance.\r\nTom Hiddleston is to star in a Kenneth Branagh-directed production of Hamlet ? but for only three weeks in a theatre with 160 seats.The production will raise money for the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (Rada) and promises to be one of the hottest theatrical tickets of recent years. The ballot opens at noon on Tuesday 1 August and tickets will be difficult for people to get their hands on.Hiddleston, a Rada graduate, said Hamlet presented ?almost limitless possibilities for interpretation?.He added: ?Kenneth Branagh and I have long talked about working on the play together, and now felt like the right time, at the right place.?The performing arts exist to bring people together, not to break or keep them apart. I hope the funds raised by the production will help Rada continue to provide a wider field of equal opportunity to train actors, stage managers and technical theatre artists, from every background, to a standard of excellence and professionalism. We need to keep the doors open for everyone.?The production is a collaboration between Rada and Branagh?s theatre company, which recently had a year?s residency at the Garrick in the West End.It will run in Rada?s 160-seat Jerwood Vanbrugh theatre in central London from 1-23 September. The ballot for tickets is open online until 6pm on 6 August ? or by phone until 5pm on 5 August.Ticket winners will be selected at random with successful entrants able to purchase a maximum of two. Twenty per cent of the tickets will be priced \xa315 and available only to under-25s. A further 20% will be \xa345 and the remainder \xa395.In something of a first, there will be no guaranteed tickets for critics, with journalists welcome to take their chances in the ballot.To prevent the risk of a black market, people will only be able to collect their tickets up to an hour before the show with documentation to prove who they are.The money raised from the production will support the Rada Attenborough project, which aims to raise \xa320m for the regeneration of the academy?s premises on Chenies Street including, for the first time, the provision of on-site accommodation.Branagh said the production would be a celebration of both Shakespeare and Rada. ?The play speaks as loudly as ever to our volatile world and we are proud to have Tom Hiddleston lead an exciting group of actors, as he plays the title role for the first time. This work has been in discussion and planning over a period of years. To find its expression at, with, and for Rada, is a privilege,? he said.\r\nEgypt's highest Islamic authority Al-Azhar Al-Sharif has opened a fatwa kiosk at Cairo metro to offer commuters religious advice in an effort to counter extremism. A sheikh said, "We usually talk about the issues of daily life, and what religion says about such things. The topics we mostly discuss are marriage, divorce and inheritance." \r\nSheikhs from Egypt?s highest Islamic authority have opened a fatwa kiosk in the Cairo metro to offer religious advice to commuters in what they say is an effort to counter extremism.The idea is proving popular with travellers passing through Cairo?s al-Shohada metro station, a busy transport hub, who queue up to sit with a group of religious scholars inside a green patterned booth, sheltered from the bustle of the metro.?We usually talk about the issues of daily life, and what religion says about such things. The topics we mostly discuss are marriage, divorce and inheritance,? said one sheikh staffing the booth for the morning commute, who declined to be named.According to al-Azhar al-Sharif, Egypt?s top Islamic body, which installed the booth, the project is intended to correct misinterpretations of Islam. The institution has frequently clashed with the government of the president, Abdel-Fatah al-Sisi, who has repeatedly called for a ?religious reformation? in Islam to combat extremism.Egypt has grappled with a spike in jihadist activity since Sisi came to power in 2013, including a recent string of large-scale attacks on Coptic Christian sites as well as ongoing violence in the Sinai peninsula.Al-Azhar, established in Cairo in 971 as a centre of Sunni Muslim learning, is hoping that the booth will help steer Egyptians away from extremist thought.Sheikh Tamer Mattar, the coordinator of its International Centre for Electronic Fatwas, said that the booth was designed to direct citizens to seek advice from al-Azhar, instead of extremist groups. ?The experiment was successful so far and we hope that it will expand,? he said. ?We can say it was successful, as in the eight days of the initiative, we received 1,500 questions. At any moment you can find tens of people waiting to present theirs.?The booth operates two shifts daily, welcoming visitors from 9am until 8pm. Yet few seemed convinced that the project would attract those with pre-existing extremist tendencies to seek guidance, especially as those staffing the booth noted down the identity card number of those visiting along with their complaints. Extremists won?t come to us to seek advice,? said the sheikh staffing the booth for its morning shift. ?We?re targeting people on the street who are ignorant of religious matters ? they come to us and we try to put them on the right track of moderation.? Mohamed Abu-Hamed, an Egyptian MP who has sparred frequently with al-Azhar over a desire for greater government regulation of the religious body and its teachings, dismissed the booths. ?The whole project is absurd. It is a superficial understanding of the call to renew the religious rhetoric,? he said.?When we talk about renewing religious rhetoric, we mean the main content [of their teachings],? he said. ?If al-Azhar created these kiosks while thinking that this is renewing religious rhetoric, then they don?t get it. They are doing this to evade making any real changes.? \r\nPM Narendra Modi took a wristwatch by British company Sekonda and a decorative porcelain from the external affairs ministry's repository this year. All gifts received by ministers and officials have to be deposited at the repository, called toshakhana. However, a recipient can take home gifts valued under ?5,000.\r\nPrime Minister Narendra Modi, his fans and followers say, is a tireless man, working deep into the night without keeping track of time.But from among numerous gifts Modi received during foreign trips this year, he took home a wristwatch manufactured by British company Sekonda, besides a couple of smaller items, according to official documents.Ministers and officials have to deposit all gifts at the toshakhana, the official repository of the external affairs ministry.Any gift valued less than Rs 5000 can be kept by the recipient. For gifts above Rs 5000, they have to pay the additional amount, said an official of the toshakhana who is from the Central Board of Customs and Excise.The watch, entered as a Sekonda ?House of Commons? wristwatch, was valued at Rs 3,500. Besides the watch, the PM also took a decorative porcelain valued at Rs 1000. Among the gifts received by Modi between January and March are a model of the fabled Sha?bi housing model of the United Arab Emirates, a decorative sculpture with Argillite carving and a Mont Blanc ballpoint pen.These six gift items among the 83 latest entries at the toshakhana.The Mont Blanc pen is valued at Rs 2500 and is kept at the toshakhana. Also deposited at the repository is the model of Emirati National House, valued at Rs 4500 and a the decorative sculpture with Argillite carving, valued at Rs 2000. Argillite carvings are a sculptural tradition in the northwest coast of North America. It first became a widespread art form from the early 19th century. The toshakhana, however, doesn?t reveal the source of gifts on the ground that such disclosure is not in the interest of the bilateral relationships with countries.Officials said ministers and officials rarely take home very expensive gifts home. According to the records at the toshakhana, in the past Modi took two dinner sets worth Rs 10,000 and a carpet worth Rs 15000, after paying the excess amounts.A report said former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh took 101 items from the numerous gifts he received during his 10 years in office.These gifts include an ornamental silver elephant embedded with semi-precious stones, 10 paintings, a Bose sound system and a gold-plated Piaget ladies wrist watch. And out of these, only seven are valued above Rs 5,000.\r\nThe Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport (BEST) is planning to shift its 20-year-old museum from Wadala to Byculla zoo in Mumbai, authorities said. "The museum is far away, and people have often complained they don?t visit as the travel is a pain," said an official. The authorities expect that the shift will bring in more visitors and revenues.\r\nThe Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport (BEST) is planning to shift its iconic museum from the Anik Bus Depot at Wadala to Byculla zoo. Authorities said bringing the museum to the heart of the city would attract more visitors and rake in some revenue. ?Rani Baug is visited by thousands of people all through the week and during the weekends. This will also help promote BEST buses,? said a BEST official.The museum at the Anik is more than 20 years old, and houses old bus tickets, models of the electric tram, ticket dispensing machines and historical photographs showing of BEST buses over the years. The authorities want to shift the museum to the building where the zoo?s latest attraction, the Humboldt penguins, are kept. BEST authorities said it has asked the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for space on the second floor of this building. ?The Anik bus depot museum is far away, and people have often complained they don?t visit as the travel is a pain. This is why we have asked for space at Rani Baug.? said Anil Kokil, BEST committee chairman.\r\nPriyanka Chopra has shared a picture with singer Bryan Adams on Instagram which she captioned, "Was so good to see you again." Priyanka and Bryan came together to support the organisation 'Hear The World Foundation', which works for people with hearing disabilities. Adams is known for songs like 'Summer of 69' and '(Everything I Do) I Do It for You'.\r\nPriyanka Chopra shared a picture of herself with Bryan Adams on Wednesday from a special photoshoot. The actor and the singer smiled for the camera in the black and white selfie.    Was so good to see you again @bryanadams happy to be a part of such an amazing project #heartheworldfoundation ?? A post shared by Priyanka Chopra (@priyankachopra) on Aug 1, 2017 at 12:04pm PDT?Was so good to see you again @bryanadams happy to be a part of such an amazing project #heartheworldfoundation,? she wrote with the post.     Shooting photos today of the lovely @priyankachopra for #heartheworldfoundation A post shared by Bryan Adams (@bryanadams) on Jul 31, 2017 at 3:47pm PDTBryan also shared a slightly different selfie with her on his own Instagram. ?Shooting photos today of the lovely @priyankachopra for #heartheworldfoundation,? he captioned it.Priyanka had earlier worked with Adams when she was signed for fashion brand GUESS in 2013.The two came together to support Hear The World Foundation which works for people and children with hearing problems. Actor Mads Mikkelsen and former supermodel Cindy Crawford are also a part of the foundation.Priyanka was also spotted by the paps in a rose gold gown with a thigh-high slit. She was strutting about on the sets of her upcoming Hollywood project, Isn?t It Romantic, in New York City.   A post shared by Priyanka Chopra Fan Page ?? (@pcourheartbeat) on Aug 1, 2017 at 11:56am PDT  A post shared by PriyankaChopraGR (@priyankagreek) on Aug 1, 2017 at 8:12pm PDT  A post shared by Katyanka?? (@_dkatpc) on Aug 1, 2017 at 1:09pm PDT  A post shared by PriyankaChopraGR (@priyankagreek) on Aug 1, 2017 at 8:18pm PDTThe film also stars Rebel Wilson, Liam Hemsworth and Adam DeVine. The movie follows the life of a New York City architect Natalie (Rebel), who works hard to get noticed at her job, but is more likely to be asked to deliver coffee and bagels than to design the city?s next skyscraper. She has an encounter with a mugger that renders her unconscious, waking to discover that her life has suddenly become her worst nightmare. Priyanka plays a yoga ambassador while Liam stars as Blake, a handsome client with Adam as Wilson?s earnest best friend, Josh.The film has screenplay by Erin Cardillo, Dana Fox and Katie Silberman, and Paula Pell. It is set for a Valentine?s Day release in 2019.Priyanka is also working on A Kid Like Jake with Claire Danes and Jim Parson and will be seen in Quantico season 3.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Income Tax Department recovered ?5 crore in cash from Karnataka minister DK Shivakumar's Delhi residence after it raided 39 places linked to the in-charge of hospitality for 44 Gujarat Congress MLAs in Bengaluru. Meanwhile, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said, "In order to meet political conspiracies, I-T department has been used. This is not fair in politics."\r\nTax officials raided on Wednesday multiple properties linked to DK Shivakumar, a top minister in Karnataka who is hosting a group of party legislators from Gujarat to avoid a break in their ranks ahead of a close Rajya Sabha election.Tax officers raided 64 places in Delhi and Karnataka linked to energy minister Shivakumar as part of investigations into his alleged tax evasion and dodgy investments in real estate. The move triggered an angry response from the Congress, which accused the BJP of carrying out ?an unprecedented witch-hunt?. Party leaders raised the matter in parliament, protesting noisily and forcing multiple adjournments in the Rajya Sabha. In Lok Sabha, the party also staged a walkout.The Congress has accused the BJP of using ?money and muscle power? to engineer defections among its legislators in Gujarat, where senior party leader Ahmed Patel is seeking re-election to the Rajya Sabha, on August 8.But the government said the ?Eagleton ? The Golf Village?, where the Gujarat legislators were camping, had not been raided. Finance minister Arun Jaitley told Parliament that only Shivakumar, who was trying to ?hide behind the cover? of the lawmakers at the resort, had been taken for questioning.Jaitley told the Lok Sabha that tax officials found that Shivakumar was tearing up documents at the resort. ?We recovered those papers as well,? he said.As the Congress accused the government of using its agencies such as CBI, Enforcement Directorate and Income Tax to target the opposition leaders, Jaitley said, ?Whether it is a use or abuse, it depends on recovery (from the raids).?Last week, the Congress flew 42 legislators to a resort on the outskirts of the capital of Karnataka, where the party is in power, to keep the flock together. Six of its legislators have quit the party and three of them crossed over to the BJP. More defections can jeopardise Patel?s chances of re-election.Party spokesman and Gujarat MLA Shaktisinh Gohil contradicted the BJP, saying tax officials entered their resort. Ashok Gehlot, Congress? Gujarat in-charge, said: ?Our MLAs are being threatened, money was offered and raids are being conducted.?His party colleague Anand Sharma said: ?There is a trend now of abusing state power and agencies of the state. The timing is important and significant. This minister was coordinating the safety of the MLAs.?Shortly after the raids began, Patel hit out at the BJP in tweets: ?BJP is on an unprecedented witch-hunt just to win one Rajya Sabha seat.?BJP is on an unprecedented witch-hunt just to win one Rajya Sabha seat? Ahmed Patel (@ahmedpatel) August 2, 2017After using the state machinery and every other agency,these I-T raids show their utter desperation & frustration? Ahmed Patel (@ahmedpatel) August 2, 2017Read more | Congress parades 44 Gujarat MLAs, says BJP tried to bribe them ahead of Rajya Sabha pollsCongress?s leader in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad asked why the raids were ?taking place today and not a month later or before?.But an I-T department statement later denied the raids were related to the stay of the Gujarat MLAs. It said the searches were part of an evidence-gathering exercise.?The search is a continuation of an investigation which has been in progress for a considerable period of time,? it said, adding the timing of the raids had been decided ?well in advance?. ?There has been no contact with the MLAs [from Gujarat] and the search team.?(With agency inputs)\r\nActress Swara Bhasker, while addressing pay disparity in Bollywood, has said that if as an actress, she works for as many days as an actor, then she should also expect an equal amount of pay. Swara added, "If you see in Hollywood, women are taking up this whole question of equality... so why can't Bollywood take its cue from them?"\r\nWhether it is nepotism, feminism or sexism, actor Swara Bhaskar  has never held back from expressing her views on sensitive subjects. While most actors in Bollywood are acquainted with the prevalence of pay disparity in Bollywood, very few actually muster the courage to come out and talk about it. Swara, however, has been quite vocal in this regard. Rooting for ?equal pay for equal work?, Swara says, ?I am not saying that if I, being a female actor, work for 10 days, I should expect the pay that an actor gets for 100 days of work. But definitely, if I am working for 100 days, then I am expected to get an equal amount of pay as my male counterpart.?    All set for screening of #AnaarkaliOfAarah as part of #jagranfilmfestival2017 in #varanasi in @poshpride palazzo sari, with @aaree_accessories tassel earrings, @amrapalijewels ring.. styled by @rupacj at 7am ???? with thanks @dipublicrelations HMU: @saritastyling29 #sareewithswag #desiisthebest #fusion #indianwear #fashion #iloverupa ????????? A post shared by Swara Bhasker (@reallyswara) on Jul 22, 2017 at 10:04am PDT And it?s not just the question of money that Swara feels needs to be addressed. The actor, who has worked in films such as Tanu Weds Manu, Raanjhanaa, Prem Ratan Dhan Payo and Anaarkali of Aarah, asserts that even the roles being offered to female actors need to be at par with men.Although Swara agrees that things are slowly changing, she adds that there will be more progress only when female actors start being a little more assertive. In Hollywood, women are taking up this whole question of equality and I think that?s fantastic, so why can?t Bollywood take its cue from them??One thing is for sure that nobody is going to put that on a plate for you. [Female actors] really have to fight for what we want. If you see in Hollywood, women are taking up this whole question of equality and I think that?s fantastic, so why can?t Bollywood take its cue from them?? says  the actor, stating that no movement gains momentum unless people fight for it.?Nobody gave black people civil rights in the ?50s on a platter; they suffered for a very long time. The same thing goes for the dalits too, so it holds true for women in films too,? says Swara.On the work front, Swara will next be seen in Veerey Di Wedding, also starring Sonam Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor Khan.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nCostumes worn by actors Judi Dench and AIi Fazal during the shooting of the film 'Victoria & Abdul' will be displayed at Queen Victoria's home, the Osborne House in the UK. They will go on display for public Friday onwards. Most of the scenes from the film were also shot in the same house.\r\nBollywood actor Ali Fazal is certainly going places with his upcoming film alongside Judi Dench - Victoria and Abdul. The film is already being screened at several film festivals including Venice International Film Festival and Toronto International Film Festival. We have now learnt that the costumes used during the shoot of the movie will be displayed at the Osborne House in the UK.The dresses from Victoria and Abdul shoot being displayed at Osborne House.Directed by Oscar nominee Stephen Frears, Victoria and Abdul is based on the friendship between Queen Victoria and her most trusted clerk, Abdul Karim. While Dench plays the titular role of Queen Victoria, Ali plays Abdul who was the Queen?s munshi. Adapted from author Shrabani Basu?s book by the same name and directed by British filmmaker Stephen Frears, the film is set to release in September this year.Multiple costumes were designed for both the lead actors keeping the stature and royalty of the era of late 1800s in mind. A dress that Judi Dench wore in the film, being arranged for the display.All the costumes will be go on display Friday onwards, for public viewing at the Osborne House, located at Isle of Wight, in the UK. Most of the scenes from Victoria and Abdul were also shot in the same house. Ali Fazal?s dress being prepared for the display.Also, it will be one of the first films to be shot inside the former royal residence so that?s one more feather added to the cap of the films achievement. Osborne House holds significant place in the history of Britain?s royalty. It was built in mid 1800s for the Queen and Prince Albert. All the costumes worn by Judi and Ali will be on display at the museum site of inside the house. Ironically Queen Victoria breathed her last in the same palace, which is now open as tourist attraction.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nFilmmaker Imtiaz Ali has revealed that when he first met Shah Rukh Khan, a drunk girl was hanging on to him. "It was in London for a film festival...He was dealing with her so gracefully without demeaning her," he added. Imtiaz further said, "Gauri (SRK's wife) was also with him and everybody was trying to deal with this crazy fan".\r\nEven after two and a half decades in Bollywood, Shah Rukh Khan continues to make women go weak in the knees just by flashing his dimpled smile. Jab Harry Met Sejal director Imtiaz Ali told DNA about the time he first met SRK, and it will have the actor's female fans fall more in love with him."It was in London for a film festival. We all were hanging out and I saw Shah Rukh coming up a very narrow aisle somewhere in the hotel, with a drunk girl hanging on to him. He was dealing with her so gracefully without demeaning her," the filmmaker said.Imtiaz said that Shah Rukh was extremely gentle with the girl and did not lose his cool at any point of time. "Gauri (Khan, Shah Rukh's wife) was also with him and everybody was trying to deal with this crazy fan. He was particularly being nice to the girl. When he saw me, he stopped, and we had quite a long conversation even as the girl kept murmuring 'Oh Shah Rukh, Oh Shah Rukh' all over him. He was dealing with her like how one would deal with a scarf. He put her arm on one side of the shoulder and continued to talk to me," he added.Shah Rukh and Imtiaz are collaborating for the first time in Jab Harry Met Sejal, which also features Anushka Sharma. The film is set to release on August 4.ALSO READ: Shah Rukh Khan almost had us believing Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt are in love \r\nYogi Adityanath government has approved making the registration of marriages compulsory for all religions and castes in Uttar Pradesh. The approval comes in wake of a 2006 Supreme Court's verdict, which asked Centre and state governments to draft rules for making marriage registration compulsory. Reportedly, ?10 fine will be levied for delay up to a year and ?50 beyond that.\r\nThe Uttar Pradesh cabinet on Tuesday approved a proposal to make registration of marriages compulsory for every resident of the state, regardless of religion or community.Chief minister Yogi Adityanath presided over a cabinet meeting to adopt the Uttar Pradesh Marriage Registration Rules-2017, which stipulates compulsory registration of marital alliances and lays down penalties for any delay in this regard. Though the fines are not particularly hefty ? Rs 10 for delay up to a year and Rs 50 beyond that period ? it is liable to increase over time. ?We took all sections of society into confidence before taking a decision on the issue,? health minister Siddharth Nath Singh told mediapersons later in the day.However, Singh admitted that the cabinet did not concede to demands from a few Muslim clerics who wanted their community exempt from having to furnish photographs of the bride and groom. ?Yes, they made such a demand because the nikahnama (the Islamic marriage contract) does not carry images. But if photographs can be submitted to procure documents such as Aadhaar cards, I don?t see why the same cannot be done for marriage registration,? he said.While the stamps and registration department will double as the nodal agency for marriage registration, the government will launch an online portal to ensure easy access. The Centre had already made marriage registration compulsory across the country, in keeping with a 2006 Supreme Court ruling. Uttar Pradesh was among the only two states that had failed to implement the directive, an anomaly that minister for women welfare and tourism development Rita Bahuguna Joshi had earlier vowed to rectify. ?We will implement the Supreme Court?s order in the state. A cabinet note is being prepared, and the same will be sent for the cabinet?s approval,? she had said.The erstwhile Samajwadi Party government had deferred taking a decision on the matter in view of strong objections from Muslims. Community leaders maintained that as the nikahnama contains all the relevant details pertaining to marriages, the state should treat it as a valid substitute for the registration certificate. \r\nThe National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Tuesday directed the irrigation departments of Delhi and Uttar Pradesh to remove debris from the Yamuna floodplains within three weeks. The NGT added that any ?inaction on part of authorities cannot be tolerated?. Notably, the Tribunal has reconstituted the Principal Committee responsible for overseeing the execution of the Yamuna cleaning project.\r\nThe National Green Tribunal (NGT) has asked the Delhi and Uttar Pradesh governments to remove debris on the floodplains of  the Yamuna. It said indiscriminate dumping of waste was a direct source of pollution in the river. A bench headed by NGT chairperson justice Swatanter Kumar said the department of irrigation of Delhi and UP would have to carry out these directions. ?The debris on either side of the river Yamuna, if not already removed, shall be removed within three weeks,? the bench said. The green court said work to rejuvenate the Yamuna should not be stopped unnecessarily as pollution was rising daily and any ?inaction on part of authorities cannot be tolerated?.?In the interest of environment and public health, the government and all authorities concerned must perform their function and ensure that the Yamuna is rejuvenated to its original pristine status. Now, the project is being carried on in a planned, scientific and implementable manner and any obstruction in that behalf will not be tolerated,? the bench said.The tribunal reconstituted the principal committee, formed to see the execution of the cleaning of the Yamuna, and included Shashi Shekhar, former secretary of ministry of water resources, as a special invitee.It also convened a meeting of stakeholders, including officials from Delhi, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, and Uttar Pradesh, on August 8 at 3pm at the tribunal to discuss the cleaning and rejuvenation of the Yamuna.During the hearing, the counsel appearing for the Delhi government told the NGT that steps were being taken by the Delhi Jal Board to ensure that work to clean the Yamuna was completed with utmost expeditiousness.?In relation to the project report of the second phase of the Yamuna cleaning, it is submitted that it has already been filed before the tribunal as well as sent to the principal committee, ministry of water resources,? the bench noted.The directions came when the NGT was hearing a plea on the monitoring of implementation of the Maili se Nirmal Yamuna Revitalisation Project 2017 project.The tribunal had earlier banned open defecation and dumping of waste on the floodplains of the Yamuna and announced an environment compensation of R5,000 for violation of the order.\r\nSpeaking ahead of his final appearance on the field at the upcoming world championships, eight-time Olympic gold medallist Usain Bolt warned his fellow athletes that they must stop doping otherwise track and field will die. On being asked about how he would feel in the 100m final at the upcoming world championships, Bolt said, "Unbeatable and unstoppable".\r\nUsain Bolt has issued a stark warning to his fellow athletes that they must stop doping otherwise track and field will die. The triple Olympic 100m and 200m champion insisted that the sport was on the mend following the staggering revelations of state-sponsored doping in Russia but conceded more needed to be done to tackle the scourge of performance-enhancing drugs.?I don?t think it gets any worse than that,? he said, referring to the problems in Russia which he agreed had left the sport at rock bottom. ?But it?s on its way back up now. Hopefully, athletes will see what?s going on and understand that if they don?t stop what they?re doing the sport will die. And hopefully they will understand what the sport is going through and what they need to do as athletes to help it move forward.?But Bolt, who will hang up his spikes after the world championships in London which start on Friday, said he was still optimistic that these perennial problems could be tackled. ?You can?t be happy about doping at all, it?s not good for the sport,? he added. ?But over the years we?re doing a better job, it?s getting clean and we?re catching up to a lot of athletes. There?s an understanding that, listen, if you cheat you will get caught. Over time the sport will get better.?I said a couple of years ago it had to get really bad, when there?s nowhere else to go but up. The only way track and field has left to go is up.?Bolt has raced only three times this season, and last month appeared to be struggling with a back injury, but he insisted he was still the man to beat in the 100m, the qualifying rounds for which start on Friday. ?For some reason I am the underdog,? he said. ?That is what my team keep telling me so I have to prove myself once more. But I am confident in my abilities, always. When I go out there I am fully confident and ready to go ? 100%.?The last 100m race I ran was a 9.95sec which shows I am going in the right direction. It is all about who can keep their nerves. I have been here many times and I know I am ready. It is go time.?Bolt, who turns 31 later this month, also gave an emphatic answer when asked how he would feel on Saturday night after the 100m final. ?Unbeatable,? he said. ?Usain Bolt has retired unbeatable over that event. For me that will be the biggest headline. Unbeatable and unstoppable.?The Jamaican also insisted that he had been provided with extra motivation to win yet another world title following the tragic death of his close friend Germaine Mason, the Olympic silver medal winning high jumper, in a road accident in April.?It was a rough time,? he said. ?I have never had someone who passed away so close to me. I didn?t train for three weeks. My coach gave me my space, he gave me my time to get over it. But at some point the close net of people I was with said: ?Listen to us, Usain, I know it is hard but you need to get back training because Germaine would have wanted it ? he was looking forward to coming to your last race and seeing you compete and finishing off your legacy.??That really helped me get going again. It was hard. But now I really want to do it for him and his family ? and all the friends that supported me in the hard times.?\r\nA minor fire broke out in the basement of former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dixit's house in Delhi's Nizamuddin on Wednesday morning. "We got a call at around 9:30 am about a fire. We sent two fire tenders to the spot. The electricity metre board had caught fire," said a fire official. No damages have been reported in the incident.\r\nA minor fire broke out in the basement of former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit?s house in central Delhi?s Nizamuddin East on Wednesday morning.Fire control room officials said that the fire started in the electricity metre board in the basement of the house. ?We got a call at around 9:30 am about a fire. We sent two fire tenders to the spot. The electricity metre board had caught fire,? said a fire official.The official said that the fire was minor and put off without incident.?The fire was extinguished even before we reached the spot. It was a very minor incident,? said the Delhi Fire Services Chief Fire Officer, Atul Garg.\r\nA woman in Kerala's Kochi area bit off the tongue of a neighbour on Monday night when he allegedly tried to rape her. The woman filed a police complaint against her 30-year-old neighbour and produced a two centimetre strip of the tongue at the police station. The accused allegedly had similar charges against him earlier.\r\nA woman in Kerala?s Kochi bit off the tongue of a neighbour on Monday night when he allegedly tried to molest her, police said.The woman filed a police complaint against her 30-year-old neighbour and said she bit off the tongue when he allegedly tried to force himself on her and kiss her. She also produced a 2 cm strip of the tongue at the police station.Police said the man was booked under section 447 (criminal trespass), 354 (assault with the intention to outrage modesty of a woman) and 367 (attempt to rape) of the Indian Penal Code. The man was allegedly had similar charges against him earlier and has been remanded to judicial custody for a week.This is the second high-profile sexual assault case to surface in the southern state in two months. In June, a 23-year-old law student told police she cut off the genitals of 52-year-old godman in self-defence when he made sexual advances towards her. But weeks later, she accused the police of forcing her to make statements, and said the godman never hurt her.In Kochi, the woman told police she stepped out of her house on Monday night when he allegedly jumped at her but fled after she attacked him. After her complaint, police alerted all city hospitals and found the man undergoing a surgery at a private hospital.The man had told hospital authorities that he injured his tongue in a bike accident and was arrested after the surgery was over and he was discharged. Doctors at the hospital said as he received serious injuries on the tongue, his speech will be slightly impaired.An earlier version of this story used a photo of a woman who has no connection with the case. The photo has been changed. \r\nA 15-year-old Haryana girl has been found to be seven-months pregnant after two of her cousins allegedly raped her several times. The incident came to light after she complained of stomach ache and was taken to the hospital on July 29. The police have arrested one of the accused, who is a juvenile, while the other is on the run.\r\nA 15-year-old girl was found to be seven-month pregnant after two of her cousins allegedly raped her several times. Police said they have arrested one of the accused, a juvenile, while the other is on the run. The incident, reported from a village in Sonepat?s Kharkhoda block, comes close on the heels of a series of similar incidents being reported from the state in the last two months. The police said the girl was taken to a hospital by her family on July 29 after she complained of stomach ache. The victim then narrated her ordeal to her mother. She said she was first raped by her cousins in December last year when they barged into her house when she was alone. The accused allegedly continued to rape her, threatening to kill her parents if she informed anyone.The girl, a school dropout, did not inform anyone out of fear. The police have registered a case under the Prevention of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act and other sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against the two. Kharkhoda station house officer (SHO) Pradeep Singh said the arrested boy was produced in court which sent him to juvenile home. Doctors at the Rohtak civil hospital have ruled out abortion at this stage, maintaining that it could be life-threatening to the minor girl. The Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act in India allows abortion up to 20 weeks of pregnancy.\r\nActress Koena Mitra has filed a sexual harassment complaint after receiving lewd phone calls from a stranger. The man reportedly kept calling her, offered her money for a night out and verbally abused her. "From July 24, I started getting calls from random numbers," said Koena. She decided to approach the police when the calls didn't stop coming.\r\nBollywood actor-model Koena Mitra has registered a case of sexual harassment against a stranger in Mumbai. A Mid Day report said that Koena received a call and a stranger asked her for a night out. The man kept calling her despite being rebuffed. Koena reportedly got calls from 40-50 unknown numbers over last one week. When she picked up one of the calls Saturday evening, the caller offered her money for a night out and even abused Koena, the report said. She then approached Oshiwara Police station and filed a complaint.The tabloid quoted a cop as saying, ?We have booked the caller under section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of IPC and are investigating the case further.?Talking to India.com, Koena said that she is awaiting further action in the case. Talking about the harrowing experience, she said, ?From July 24, I started getting calls from random numbers, many among them being Mumbai numbers too. They called me non-stop. I changed my handset too. Usually, I don?t take a call from an unknown number. But once I answered... he started talking nonsense and filth, it took me seconds to react. I was literally frozen. And after a few minutes, I was just angry and fired him. And after that, there was a marathon of calls. I was tired of answering the calls. A day later, he called again and I fired him and he abused me in Marathi.? When the calls didn?t stop coming, she decided to approach the police.The 37-year-old actor began her tinsel town journey with a special song in Ram Gopal Varma?s Road (2009) called Khullam Khulla. She then appeared in several films including Heyy Baby, Apna Sapna Money Money and Musafir.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nAs many as 22 of 29, or 76% of ministers in the new Bihar cabinet face criminal charges against them, higher than the 19 ministers (69%) in the previous Grand Alliance government. Further, 21 ministers (72%) are crorepatis, a little less than 22 (79%) in the previous government. Also, a minister in the new cabinet earns an average ?2.46 crore.\r\nTwentytwo  of the 29 ministers in the newly-appointed Nitish Kumar cabinet in Bihar face criminal cases against them.A report by election watchdog Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), based on affidavits filed by candidates to the Election Commission of India (ECI), said 76% ministers face criminal cases. This is three more than the previous ?mahagathbandhan? (Grand Alliance) government of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), Janata Dal (United) and the Congress, in which 19 of the 29 ministers (69%) were tainted.Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar had on July 26 distanced himself with the Grand Alliance, citing allegations of corruption against deputy chief minister and RJD leader Tejashwi Yadav. The same evening he took the support of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) to stay at the helm in the state. The new ministers were sworn in on July 29.Of the 22 tainted ministers in the new cabinet, nine mentioned in their affidavits facing serious criminal cases against them. Two of Kumar?s party ministers even face attempt to murder charges under section 307 of the IPC against them. Many other ministers face cases of dacoity, theft, fraud and atrocities against them.Interestingly, the average income of a minister in the new cabinet is Rs 2.46 crore, even as the percentage of crorepati ministers dropped marginally this time as compared to Kumar?s previous government. While 79% ministers ? 22 ? were crorepatis in the GA government, 21 (72%) are crorepatis in the JD(U)-led NDA government.Labour resources minister and BJP MLA from Lakhisarai, Vijay Kumar Sinha, has properties worth Rs 15.50 crore, while urban development department minister and BJP MLA from Muzaffarpur Suresh Kumar has properties worth Rs 11 crore. Water resources and planning minister and JD(U) legislator from Munger, Rajiv Ranjan Singh, has properties worth Rs 5 crore. \r\nLakshmibai College will be the first college in the University of Delhi to start a cr\xe8che facility for the children of its teaching and non-teaching staff in August. College principal said the teachers would be able to focus more on their work without worrying about the children. The cr\xe8che will consist of two rooms, a pantry, and a play area.\r\nIn a first, a Delhi University college is starting a cr\xe8che for its teaching and non-teaching staff, who have to juggle between work and taking care of their young children.Lakshmibai College in Ashok Vihar will start the cr\xe8che in August. Teachers can bring their children to the cr\xe8che, which will be functional between 9am to 5pm.College principal Pratyush Vatsala said the move will help teachers focus on their work without constantly worrying about their children.?As a young teacher, I was constantly worried about my kids. If I had a cr\xe8che at my work place then it would have made my life so much easier. A young child needs constant care,? she said.The cr\xe8che will have a working pantry and at least two support staff to take care of the children.?There will be two rooms, one play area and a pantry. We are also planning to renovate an empty garage to be used for older kids where they can do their homework and other things,? she said.Permanent teachers get a maternity leave of six months and child care leave of two years, which they can take in breaks or one go.Sonica Sihngvi, a teacher of Economics at the college who is currently on childcare leave, said the cr\xe8che will be of great help to her and other parents with toddlers.?I was really worried about leaving my child in the care of a nanny. Now I can take my classes without having to worry about my child as I can check on him in the cr\xe8che in between classes and breastfeed him,? she said.Vatsala said work places need to have such facilities for their employees as it will lead to better results. ?If the employee is free of tension then he or she can focus on work better. It is good for the individual as well as the institution,? she said.Teachers will have to pay Rs4,000 per month for availing the facility. ?The initial building cost is being borne by the college but the recurring expenditure will be borne by the teachers availing the facility,? she said.\r\nAn ongoing study has found that vehicles traveling on "average", crowded roads consumed nearly one-and-a-half times more fuel per kilometre compared to ?good?, fuel-efficient roads in Delhi and its suburbs. The motorists hence end up spending more, said a member associated with the study. The cumulative wastage of fuel would allegedly be an extra burden on India?s oil imports bill.\r\nIf you drive a car in Delhi and its suburbs then bad and crowded roads are burning a big hole in your pocket.An ongoing study on how much fuel is wasted because of potholed roads and bad traffic has found that vehicles travelling on ?average?, crowded roads consumed nearly one-and-a-half time more fuel per kilometre compared to ?good?, fuel-efficient roads. The figure is expected to rise to three times during the next phase of the study to be conducted on inferior road stretches.The study, commissioned in May, released its preliminary findings last week involving a Sports Utility Vehicle with a mileage of 10 -12 km/litre. Subsequent tests will be conducted with small cars and loaded and empty trucks. The findings use a three-tier grading system to assess road conditions. Traffic congestion is also a parameter.The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research-Central Road Research Institute (CSIR-CRRI) conducted the study. It was found that an SUV consumed about 40.25 millilitres of fuel per kilometre when it travelled on the Noida Expressway, considered a good, fuel-efficient road. The same vehicle consumed about 95.5 millilitres of fuel for every kilometre when travelling from Noida Expressway to Kalindi Kunj and onto Jasola.The consumption was even higher at 137.2 millilitres per km when the vehicle travelled from Botanical Garden to Kailash Hospital in Noida. ?The initial findings of the study conducted on two road stretches in Delhi have revealed that Delhiites could be consuming at least two-to-three times more fuel because of bad quality roads and traffic conditions,? said Ravindra Kumar, principal scientist of CRRI?s transport and planning division.?The result is they end up paying more.?A preliminary estimate puts the wastage across India at Rs 960 crore a day. Although the extra expense incurred by an individual driver might not ring alarm bells, the cumulative wastage would be an added burden on India?s oil imports bill.The initial study was carried out on more than 600 km of the best roads in Delhi and its suburbs such as the Yamuna Expressway, Delhi Gurgaon Expressway and NH24 to collect the baseline data ? the best fuel-efficient roads. ?Now we are driving the same vehicles on various roads of Delhi to find out how much extra fuel they consume,? Kumar said.  ?Some of the roads that we have selected are Peeragarhi to Najafgarh, Kalindi Kunj to Jaitpur Extension and Mayur Vihar Ext to Trilok Puri among others.? \r\nTeam India will play a record 23 home matches this year from September to December, the BCCI announced on Tuesday. India will host Australia, New Zealand and Sri Lanka during the season, with the team playing a total of three Tests, 11 ODIs and nine T20Is at home. Thiruvananthapuram and Barsapara in Assam may be added as Test venues.\r\nTwo new venues, Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala and Barsapara in Assam are in contention to host Test matches during the home series against Sri Lanka as Indian cricket team is set to play a record 23 international matches at home between September and December. A decision will be taken by BCCI?s Tours and Fixtures Committee in Kolkata on Tuesday. (Read | Virat Kohli ?spoilt for choices? ahead of second India vs Sri Lanka Test match)  According to a BCCI office-bearer, Indian cricket team will play five ODIs and three T20 Internationals against Australia from September end to mid of October. The series will be followed by three ODIs and as many T20Is against New Zealand. The series against the Black Caps Kiwis will begin late in October and conclude in the first week of November.India is all set to play 23 internationals at home from Sep-Dec 2017 - 3 Tests, 11 ODIs, 9 T20Is against Australia, New Zealand & Sri Lanka.? Mohandas Menon (@mohanstatsman) August 1, 2017The home season will end in December with three Tests, three ODIs and three T20 Internationals against Sri Lanka. After that, Virat Kohli and his men fly down to South Africa.(Read | Cheteshwar Pujara: Dale Steyn, Morne Morkel reality check strengthened resolve) ?There are 23 International matches at home. Three Tests, 11 ODIs and nine T20 Internationals. Each and every venue in India will be covered. Barsapara in Assam and Greenfield International Stadium in Thiruvananthapuram have got Test status. Both are vying for Test matches. Most of the bigger centres want either a T20 International or ODIs,? a BCCI official told PTI.A Kerala Cricket Association official confirmed the development.?Since Kochi?s Nehru Stadium, which has traditionally hosted ODIs, will be used for he FIFA U-17 World Cup, we are hoping that Greenfields gets its first Test,? he said.(Read | Captain Virat Kohli displays icy nerves despite upheaval in Indian dressing room)  Nagpur, which was under suspension may also be in contention to host a Test match. The traditional centres such as Kolkata, Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru or Mohali will get ODIs or T20 Internationals, which draw capacity crowd. There are possibilities that a couple of centres may get more than a match. ?One can be rest assured that atleast 16-18 venues will be covered during this phase,? he concluded. \r\nGoogle has clarified that it has no "information on [its] records with respect to Harshit Sharma's candidacy", after a news about the tech giant hiring the class 12 Chandigarh boy went viral. It was reported that Harshit would get ?4 lakh monthly as trainee graphic designer, and ?12 lakh monthly after the training completes in a month.\r\nWho doesn't want to work for a reputed firm like Google? But, not everyone gets such a golden opportunity. But, a student of a government school in Chandigarh makes impossible, possible. Google hires a class 12 boy from Chandigarh, named Harshit Sharma. He will be reportedly working as a graphic designer for the tech company.\xa0 Update: The India Today Tech has learned that the reports of Google hiring a school student and at a salary of Rs 12 lakh per month are false. The report first appeared in a city supplement produced by the Indian Express. In a statement to India Today Tech, Google said: "Currently, we don't have any information on our records with respect to Harshit Sharma's candidacy."Harshit always wanted to work for Google. It was his dream company and he never imagined to fulfill it so soon, he says. Hard work pays off he adds. Google recruits Harshit as a trainee graphic designer for the time being. He will be working from Google's headquarter in California. He just applied for a job posted by the company, and got a reply after a few days. Harshit applied for position for the graphic designer, along with which he submitted few of his work, which also included a poster that he designed. Days after his application, Harshit received an appointment letter from Google in June, which mentioned that he has been hired. Also Read: Google Play services becomes the first ever app to cross 5 billion downloads on Play StoreGoogle will train him for the first month. During the training the company is said to pay Harshit a sum of Rs 4 lakh per month. However, after the training ends and he becomes a permanent employee, Google will pay him Rs 12 lakh as a monthly remuneration. \r\nA female teacher in Odisha was suspended on Tuesday for allegedly getting a massage by a schoolgirl on school premises. The teacher, Bharati Meher, said the incident took place around two years ago when she told a class eight student she had a headache and the latter offered to massage her head. A video of the incident went viral online.\r\nA woman teacher in Odisha?s Sambalpur district on Tuesday placed under suspension on charge of getting herself massaged by a girl student in the school.The authorities took action against the lady teacher after a video of the incident went viral in the social media.Sambalpur District Education Officer (DEO), Pramod Panda confirmed about the suspension of the lady teacher of Sikirdi Project Upper Primary School, Bharati Meher.The DEO said Meher was suspended after the video came to our notice on?Tuesday.Meher, who is also in-charge headmistress of the school, admitted that a girl student had massaged her head. However, she said that the incident had taken place around two years ago when she was sitting in the office room.?Because of severe headache, I went inside the office room and sat there on that day. However, a class VIII girl student came to me to call me to take class. But on seeing my condition, she asked me how I was feeling. I told her about my headache. She herself told me that she would massage my head. This is the truth,? the lady teacher claimed.The girl, who massaged my head on that day, has already passed out from the school and therefore was not available for comment. \r\nPassengers were stranded on Greek island Zakynthos for days after their easyJet plane developed technical difficulties on Sunday and a replacement plane couldn't fly in due to mating turtles. A flyer said there was no easyJet representative and passengers were forced to wait through "hours of nothingness." The airport has a night curfew to protect vulnerable loggerhead turtles breeding nearby. \r\nScores of easyJet passengers were stranded on the Greek island of Zakynthos (also known as Zante) after their plane developed technical difficulties and a replacement aircraft was prevented from flying in because of mating turtles. Passengers expressed fury at easyJet?s lack of communication and ?incredibly bad? handling of the delay, which began on Sunday afternoon.  Some travellers, who did not book on to other flights, were only able to make it home on Tuesday.  A fault with a wing flap was announced by the captain soon after passengers boarded the flight to Gatwick at around 3pm on Sunday, and there was no communication for another hour.  Despite being told the problem would be resolved in 20 minutes, passengers were soon asked to disembark.  They were forced to wait through ?hours of nothingness,? according to Rebecca Morris, 39, who was travelling with her husband and two small children.  She described the facilities at Zakynthos airport as ?basic? and said there was no help or guidance from easyJet apart from the odd automated text message.  ?There was no food or refreshments and there was no representative from easyJet,? Morris said.  She said that while her family?s travel agents helped them find accommodation and taxis, other passengers were left to ?fend for themselves?.  A similar process was repeated on Monday.  The airline said the night curfew ? apparently in place because of vulnerable loggerhead turtles breeding nearby ? had prevented an alternative aircraft being sent out. The sea turtle breeding season is well under way in Zakynthos. According to Archelon, a group dedicated in protecting sea turtles in Greece, late June to early July see the highest levels of spawning. The group has recorded 500 nests on the island so far, but that is fewer than in previous years. EasyJet later apologised for the delay. A spokesman said: ?Unfortunately easyJet was unable to operate flight EZY8746 from Zante to London Gatwick on Sunday 30 July due to a technical fault with the aircraft and had to delay the flight overnight.  ?Engineers were immediately dispatched to Zante and believed that the technical issue was rectified yesterday, however it then reoccurred before boarding which meant the flight could not operate. The safety of our passengers and crew is our highest priority and we will only operate if it is safe to do so.  ?We do all possible to try and minimise delays and as such planned to send a replacement aircraft. Unfortunately, due to the night curfew rule at the airport, we were unable to get the replacement aircraft into the airport. The flight departed Zante and arrived at London Gatwick today.  ?Around a quarter of passengers travelled on flights with alternative carriers yesterday afternoon. Passengers have been provided with hotel accommodation and expenses in line with EU261 regulations and will also be entitled to EU261 compensation.?\r\nA picture of Sushant Singh Rajput in a spacesuit at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has been shared on Twitter by producer Viki Rajani. The actor has started undergoing training for his role as an astronaut in the upcoming film 'Chanda Mama Door Ke'. Directed by Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan, the film will release on January 26, 2018.\r\nBollywood actor Sushant Singh Rajput is all set to get special training at NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration) for his upcoming film, Chanda Mama Door Ke, where he plays an astronaut. In a new picture shared on Twitter, Sushant is seen wearing a white spacesuit. Taran Adarsh shared the picture and wrote, ?Sushant Singh Rajput to undergo special training at NASA?s Space & Rocket Center... Enacts the part of an astronaut in #ChandaMamaDoorKe.? Earlier, talking to a website al.com, the actor had said about real astronauts, ?Their training is something else, much deeper. They are trained to be put in a situation where you?re facing problems for the first time. So, with all your experience, with all your skills, with all your way of concentrating and not being anxious ? it?s not a question of pass or fail, it?s a question of life or death.?Sushant Singh Rajput to undergo special training at NASA's Space & Rocket Center... Enacts the part of an astronaut in #ChandaMamaDoorKe... pic.twitter.com/W4b9BYELCE? taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) August 2, 2017Sushant visited the NASA centre in the US in July to prepare for the space adventure to experience zero gravity. Earlier, Sushant shared his photos from the visit to the US Space & Rocket Center. Dressed in a space suit and a cap, the actor was in full astronaut mode. Another photo was accompanied with a post stating: ?From a miniature Rocket to a life size one, this grown up kid will never cease to Dream. My mother always wanted her ?Sushant in Space?. (sic).?From a miniature Rocket to a life size one , this grown up kid will never cease to Dream.My mother always wanted her' Sushant in Space '!! pic.twitter.com/9z4pI61PRF? Sushant Singh Rajput (@itsSSR) July 22, 2017Neutral buoyancy, space walk drills and Orion simulations are were so much fun !! Can't wait to try more :) pic.twitter.com/8Xy1xBpngJ? Sushant Singh Rajput (@itsSSR) July 23, 2017Sending SOS from this tiny boxCause tonight I'm feeling like an..!!?? pic.twitter.com/7WanvgsiWF? Sushant Singh Rajput (@itsSSR) July 23, 2017The actor is reportedly being trained in neutral buoyancy, undergoing spacewalk drills and moon walks, experiencing zero gravity and Orion simulations. Directed by Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan, the film also stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui and R. Madhavan.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA Sri Lankan national was arrested for allegedly using a fake ticket to enter a terminal at the Delhi Airport on Monday, officials said. CISF personnel had found the accused, identified as Nuwan U Fernando, roaming suspiciously inside the terminal-III building. Fernando told officials he had used a cancelled ticket to enter the airport terminal to see off his mother. \r\nNew Delhi, Aug 1 (PTI) A Sri Lankan national has been apprehended at the Delhi airport for entering a terminal allegedly using a fake ticket, officials said today. The man was apprehended last evening when a Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel, deployed for the airports security, found him roaming suspiciously inside the terminal-III building, a senior official in airport security said. The man was identified as Nuwan U Fernando, a resident of Sri Lanka, he said. He told the CISF personnel that he had come to see off his mother, who was travelling to Colombo from the Indira Gandhi International Airport (IGIA), the official said. \r\nGurugram police on Saturday midnight rescued twenty people who were trapped in a mall lift for nearly 90 minutes. Police said that two out of six women fell unconscious in the lift due to lack of oxygen. Some trapped people had reportedly contacted the elevator control room, but the police were called when the staff couldn't fix the technical glitch.\r\nTwenty people, including six female employees of a multi-national company, went through a harrowing time on Saturday after being stuck in an elevator at Sector 53?s South Point Mall for close to 90 minutes. The women, according to the police, were off-duty and were returning home after a party when the elevator got stuck between the second and third floors. Two of the women fell unconscious due to lack of oxygen, said the police.Some people stuck later called the elevator control room, but the staff could not rectify the technical fault after which the police were called. A police team soon reached the spot and after assessing the situation broke a glass on the backside of the elevator, cracked open the glass wall of the lift and rescue the people.The police control room received information about the incident at Saturday midnight, after which Sector 53 police station was informed and a team rushed to the spot.?When we reached the spot, two women had already fallen unconscious. The elevator was stuck in the middle of two floors and was not moving in either direction. We had to break the back glass with a hammer and then break the glass wall of the elevator,? said Rahul Dev, SHO sector 53 police station. The police then used a ladder to get people out of the lift.The police have not registered any case in the matter with Dev stating that a case could be filed if a complained is received.Saturday?s incident was not a stray one as Gurgaon has witnessed a number of tragedies involving elevators in the last few years.On April 7, 2009, Nishant Sharma, an employee with marketing and consulting company Sapient, was killed after getting stuck under an elevator when he was trying to go to his office on the 10th floor of Cyber Greens building in DLF Phase 3. His body was crushed after the elevator suddenly moved and trapped his leg. He was rushed to a private hospital with cardiac and respiratory seizure where he died on April 11. Five years later, on the night of May 26, 2014, eighteen members of a family, including children, from Sushant Lok were trapped for more than an hour inside an elevator at a deluxe hotel on MG Road. The police had to break the glass of the elevator and rescue the family. The police later arrested two bouncers who did not help the victims and even dissuaded the police from breaking the elevator?s glass.On April 22 this year, an elevator at Central Park-2 on Sohna road fell to the lower basement with a family reportedly stuck inside.\r\nPassengers and cabin crew got into an argument on Tuesday after a Delhi-Bengaluru SpiceJet flight was repeatedly delayed. Passengers, including children, reportedly sat inside the aircraft for hours while no reason was given for the delay. The flight was scheduled to depart at 8:55 pm, while passengers were reportedly accommodated on a different aircraft that departed at 12:25 am. \r\nInordinate delay of a SpiceJet flight SG 143 resulted in a face-off between passengers and the airline crew on Tuesday. Scores of passengers including children and elderly were made to sit inside the flight for hours, claims passengers.The crew allegedly could not provide any reason for the delay. The flight was scheduled to take off at 8.55 pm but got delayed to 9.15 pm and then by another 15 minutes. The face-off between the passengers and the crew ensued after the flight failed to depart even after the said timing. The flight finally took off at 12.25 am.According to sources, a different aircraft flew the passengers to Bengaluru. SpiceJet, however, has not responded so far.\r\nA 25-year-old man from Jammu and Kashmir accused of rape committed suicide after the Panchayat directed him to drink urine of the victim. Police said he also recorded an audio clip before killing himself, wherein he claimed of never raping the girl. The Panchayat's initial direction was to compensate the girl's family with money, which the man refused, police added.\r\nA 25-year-old post-graduate youth, who felt humiliated by a panchayat diktat asking him to drink a girl?s urine for allegedly raping her, claimed his life, police said.The incident happened over a week ago in a remote village of Targain in Budhal tehsil of Rajouri district, 150 km northwest of Jammu.The deceased has been identified as Fazal Hussain, son of Mohammed Abdullah.Before committing suicide by jumping into Samar Sar lake, near Targain village, Hussain had recorded an audio clip on a mobile phone wherein he stated that he never raped the girl and felt humiliated by the panchayat?s diktat.SSP Rajouri, Yougal Manhas told HT over phone that in the next two to three days, the police will ascertain the facts and take action accordingly.Manhas said the mobile phone belonged to one of Hussain?s relative, probably his cousin.?He had stated in the clip that he was asked by the panchayat to drink girl?s urine and he also claimed that he never raped the girl,? said the SSP.He, however, informed that none of the two families ever approached police.?They didn?t report the matter to police and appeared before village panchayat,? he added.The officer said that the Hussain?s body was recovered from the lake on Sunday after it was spotted floating by some shepherds in the upper reaches of Budhal.Another police officer from Budhal said that the parents of the girl from the same Targain village had approached the panchayat with a complaint of rape against the accused.?The girl?s family had sought justice and the panchayat came up with such a weird punishment,? he said.Initial investigations revealed that the panchayat had asked Hussain?s family to compensate the girl?s family with money.?But Fazal Hussain refused to pay. Thereafter, the panchayat asked him to drink the girl?s urine. Baffled by the weird diktat, Fazal sought two days time to mentally get ready, but on Sunday, his body was found in the lake,? he added.\r\nMaharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Tuesday said that the newly adopted online assessment system delayed the declaration of Mumbai University results. He added that the government will implement technological changes systematically and in phases to avoid similar problems in the future. Notably, 14 lakh out of the 17.5 lakh answer sheets have been evaluated so far. \r\nThe Maharashtra government on Tuesday admitted that adopting online assessment system  by the University of Mumbai (MU) for evaluating answer papers delayed declaration of results. The state has now promised to implement the system gradually to avoid similar problems in the future.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0?It is a serious issue. The MU had recently shifted to an online system for assessment of answer papers, which caused a delay in completing the assessment work. Scenario would have been different if it had been implemented in stages,? chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said. \xa0\xa0\xa0Fadnavis was replying to a query raised by Nationalist Congress Party legislator and former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. The NCP leader said the university had failed to meet the July 31 deadline given by the governor Ch Vidysagar Rao for completing assessment work. Of 477 courses offered by the varsity, it declared results for only 173 courses on Monday.\xa0Asking the chief minister to intervene, Pawar said the issue had tarnished the university?s reputation in the country. Further delay in declaring results may also impact students who want to pursue higher education abroad, he added. Fadnavis said the online assessment system is the need of the hour and has been adopted worldwide. ?The system ensures that evaluators assess answer papers online, thus bringing transparency. The government will make sure that the system is implemented smoothly in phases,? he said.\xa0\xa0\xa0He also informed the assembly that of 17.50 lakh answer sheets, 14 lakh have been evaluated so far. The governor has now set a new deadline of August 5 to declare the pending 304 results.\xa0\xa0\xa0?Mark sheets of students, who wish to pursue higher education abroad, will be made available by August 15,? Fadnavis said. \r\nShops at the domestic terminal of Delhi Airport have been relocated to provide additional space for seamless passenger movement, MoS for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha said on Tuesday. This comes after a draft report by the Public Accounts Committee said lesser space for passengers due to shops and restaurants could hamper passenger movement during a mishap.\r\nNew Delhi, Aug 1 (PTI) Shops at the domestic terminal of Delhi airport have been relocated to provide additional space for seamless passenger movement, the government said today. A Public Accounts Committee headed by Congress leader K V Thomas had in its draft report indicted the Delhi airport operator about shrinkage of space for passengers because of restaurants, retail outlets, duty-free complexes and executive lounges. The Committee had said that this could hamper passenger movement incase of a mishap. \r\nThe US Air Force is negotiating with Boeing to purchase two 747-8 jetliners once built for Russian airline Transaero, which went bankrupt before the planes were delivered. The jetliners will be used as the new Air Force One and its backup. Air Force One is the aircraft that carries the President of the United States. \r\nFacing pressure from President Donald Trump to cut the cost of new Air Force One aircraft, the US Air Force is negotiating with Boeing to purchase two 747-8 jetliners that were built for a Russian airline that went bankrupt before they were delivered.?We?re working through the final stages of coordination to purchase two commercial 747-8 aircraft and expect to award a contract soon,? said Air Force spokeswoman Ann Stefanek, who declined to elaborate on the details.National security publication Defense One, which first reported the negotiations, said the Air Force was believed to be getting a good deal on the aircraft, which sell for about $386 million on average.The two aircraft were initially ordered four years ago by Transaero, a Russian airline that went bankrupt in 2015, a person familiar with the talks told Reuters.Boeing built two 747-8s out of an order of four. But the airline never took ownership of them, and the planes have been stored in the Mojave Desert, where the dry, hot climate slows corrosion, Defense One said.Trump rattled Boeing in December before taking office by saying in a Twitter message: Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!? Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg called Trump and told him the cost could be reduced if the Air Force changed its requirements, sources familiar with the conversation said at the time.White House officials in December were unclear where Trump obtained the $4 billion figure. The Air Force has estimated it would spend $2.87 billion through 2021 for development of a new presidential aircraft. The cost of refitting the commercial 747-8s with the enhanced electronics and security systems required for Air Force One were unclear.Boeing had said it expected to add the Air Force One jets to its backlog, which currently numbers 20 planes - five passenger models and 15 freighters.The redeployment to the Air Force of jets already built for another customer would effectively reduce Boeing?s future 747 production plans by two aircraft. But it would provide a home for two airframes that have been built but remain unsold.The Air Force operates two military versions of the Boeing 747-200B aircraft that serve as Air Force One when the president is aboard. Both are nearing the end of their planned 30-year life. \r\nThe Allahabad High Court on Tuesday said it would hear fresh appeals filed by Rajesh and Nupur Talwar challenging their conviction in the murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help, Hemraj. The court said it would hear the matter again due to "contradictions" in some submissions made by the CBI and fixed a hearing for August 31. \r\nAllahabad, Aug 01 (PTI) The Allahabad High Court today said it would hear afresh the appeals filed by Rajesh and Nupur Talwar challenging their conviction in the murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, seven months after reserving its judgement in the matter. A division bench comprising Justices Bala Krishna Narayana and Arvind Kumar Mishra said it would hear the matter again due to "contradictions" in some submissions made by the CBI in the sensational murder case and fixed August 31 for resuming the hearing. The court had on January 11 last reserved its judgement on the appeals filed by the Noida-based dentist couple who were awarded life imprisonment by a special CBI court at Ghaziabad on November 26, 2013. \r\nAs many as 13 people died while travelling in Mumbai's local trains on Sunday, according to railway data. Almost 1,600 people have been killed while travelling in trains in the past six months, it added. Of the 1,600, 700 lost their lives by falling off the train,147 were killed while crossing railway tracks, and 20 people died of electric shock. \r\nMotorman Mahendra Prasad called up the railway police control room on Sunday and informed officials that a 15-year-old boy and 25-year-old youth had fallen from a train and were found injured on the tracks between Lower Parel and Elphinston stations. Mohammed Ansari, 25, and Mohammed Nisar, 15, were among the 10 people injured while travelling on Western and Central Railway line on Sunday.Sunday recorded 13 track deaths, the highest on a single day this year. In the past six months, around 1,590 people have been killed while travelling on trains ? 676 died after falling off trains. On an average, seven people are killed daily on railway tracks. According to the railway data, 348 people died on the Central line while 323 persons died after falling off trains on the Western line this year till June. Kalyan and Borivli railway stations recorded the maximum number of deaths due to falling off trains especially during peak hours. Track crossing has killed 115 people in the Central line and 59 in the Western line. The Government Railway Police officers said the commuter count has increased, leading to crowded trains. Last year, out of 3,202 deaths recorded, a majority were due to track crossing. ?We had taken several initiatives to stop people from crossing track. The railways had put up fences at many places between the tracks to prevent track crossing,? said Niket Kaushik, police commissioner (GRP). The GRP officers said that overcrowding is the main reason of people falling off trains which is a concern for the authorities. Activists have been writing to the railway authorities to increase the number of coaches in trains.  Deaths till June 30 this year Track crossing: 147 Falling from trains: 676 Electric shock: 20 Death due to injury: 293 Accidental: 383Read: Crossing tracks led to 1,798 of 3,202 train fatalities in Mumbai in 2016Two die after falling off moving trains in Mumbai\r\nThe Gujarat Congress MLAs staying in a Bengaluru resort are not allowed to go out, and 30 MLAs from Karnataka have been put in charge of the discipline. The party has planned seminars and programmes for their entertainment inside the resort. These include a lecture on the corruption charges against UPA, and Congress' achievements in 60 years, transparency and accountability.\r\nBored in confines of a sprawling resort in Bengaluru, the Congress flock of 44 MLAs is a frustrated lot now. Following strict orders of the Karnataka Power Minister DK Shivakumar, the MLAs are not allowed to venture out in the city. While the minister is presently in New Delhi to seek further course of action, 30 MLAs have been put in-charge of the discipline. But few defiant MLAs did head out in the city for sightseeing, shopping, to visit temples, much to the dismay of those still under curbs. The MLAs who were allowed to go out are supposedly those, the Congress is confident of not ditching the party. \r\nAccording to a recently published US-based research, there is only a 5% chance that Earth will avoid warming by at least 2\xb0C by 2100, the threshold set in the Paris climate agreement. The research studied global trends in the economy, emissions and population growth, and further stated that there is 1% chance that temperatures will rise by less than 1.5\xb0C.\r\nThere is only a 5% chance that the Earth will avoid warming by at least 2C come the end of the century, according to new research that paints a sobering picture of the international effort to stem dangerous climate change.Global trends in the economy, emissions and population growth make it extremely unlikely that the planet will remain below the 2C threshold set out in the Paris climate agreement in 2015, the study states. The Paris accord, signed by 195 countries, commits to holding the average global temperature to ?well below 2C? above pre-industrial levels and sets a more aspirational goal to limit warming to 1.5C. This latter target is barely plausible, the new research finds, with just a 1% chance that temperatures will rise by less than 1.5C. ?We?re closer to the margin than we think,? said Adrian Raftery, a University of Washington academic who led the research, published in Nature Climate Change. ?If we want to avoid 2C, we have very little time left. The public should be very concerned.? Governments settled on the 2C threshold partly through political expediency but also because scientists have warned of severe consequences from sea level rise, drought, heatwaves and social unrest should the temperature rise beyond this.  Such risks have been underscored by a separate study, also released on Monday, that shows unabated climate change will cause around 60,000 deaths globally in 2030 and 260,000 deaths by 2100. The study, by the University of North Carolina, found that rising temperatures will exacerbate air pollutants that will particularly threaten those with existing conditions.  According to the University of Washington study, there is a 90% likelihood that temperatures will rise between 2C and 4.9C by 2100. This would put the world in the mid-range warming scenarios mapped out by the UN?s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. It negates the most optimistic outcome as well as the worst case, which would see temperatures climb nearly 6C beyond the pre-industrial era. Rather than look at how greenhouse gases will influence temperature, the new research analyzed the past 50 years of trends in world population, per capita gross domestic product (GDP) and carbon intensity, which is the amount of carbon dioxide emitted for each dollar of economic activity. After building a statistical model covering a range of emissions scenarios, the researchers found that carbon intensity will be a crucial factor in future warming. Technological advances are expected to cut global carbon intensity by 90% over the course of the century, with sharp declines in China and India ? two newly voracious consumers of energy. However, this decline still will not be steep enough to avoid breaching the 2C limit.  The world?s population is expected to grow to about 11 billion people by 2100, but the research found that this will have a relatively small impact upon temperatures as much of this growth will take place in sub-Saharan Africa, which is a minor contributor of greenhouse gas emissions. It has long been acknowledged that emissions cuts promised under the the Paris agreement would not be sufficient to avoid 2C warming. However, it is hoped that periodic reviews of commitments will result in more severe reductions. Donald Trump?s pledge to remove the US, the world?s second-largest emitter, from the accord has cast a large shadow over these ambitions.  ?Even if the 2C target isn?t met, action is very important,? said Raftery. ?The more the temperature increases, the worse the impacts will be. ?We would warn against any tendency to use our results to say that we won?t avoid 2C, and so it?s too late to do anything. On the contrary, avoiding the higher temperature increases that our model envisages is even more important, and also requires urgent action.? Raftery acknowledged that a breakthrough technology could ?dramatically? change the outlook but noted that major advances of the past 50 years, such as the computer, robotics, hybrid cars, the internet and electronic fuel injection, have improved carbon efficiency steadily at around 2% a year, rather than in huge jumps. Andrew Dessler, a climate scientist at Texas A&M University who was not involved in the study, said the research?s conclusions were ?reasonable? but said it was difficult to assign a precise probability to future temperature rises. ?I agree that staying below 2C and 1.5C are unlikely and very, very unlikely, respectively,? he said. ?But this research gives a false sense of rigor. Tomorrow someone could invent a carbon-free energy source that everyone adopts. ?If you look at technology adoption and action taken on the ozone layer and acid rain, it?s clear these things can change faster than people predict.? Dessler said the falling cost of renewable energy would be a major factor in reducing emissions but further impetus would be needed through new actions such as a price on carbon.  ?It?s like you?re driving and about to collide with the car in front of you,? he said. ?You want to hit the brakes as fast as you can. The later you wait, the more painful it?s going to be.?John Sterman, an academic at the MIT Sloan Sustainability Initiative, said the research was an ?urgent call to action?. MIT research has shown that emissions cuts in the Paris agreement would stave off around 1C of temperature increase by 2100 ? findings misrepresented by Trump when he announced the US departure from the pact.Sterman said the US must ?dramatically speed the deployment of renewable energy and especially energy efficiency. Fortunately, renewables, storage and other technologies are already cheaper than fossil energy in many places and costs are falling fast.?More aggressive policies are urgently needed, but this study should not be taken as evidence that nothing can be done.?\r\nA swarm of bees reportedly attacked a Hyderabad-Pune flight last week and delayed it by almost an hour. The flight was able to take off only after a repellent spray was used to clear the insects from the area. "We will look into the matter and necessary action will be taken," a Directorate General of Civil Aviation official said. \r\nAfter a swarm of bees held up a Hyderabad-Pune flight last week for more than one hour, the country aviation regulator said it will investigate how a bee hive was allowed to flourish in the airport area. The flight on July 26 was held up when the ATR?72 - a short-haul aircraft - was besieged by bees. The flight, which was scheduled to take off at around 6.25pm, took off only at around 7.22pm after a repellent spray was used to clear the insects from the apron area. This was the first such incident in the past five years.  A Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) official on Monday said, ?We will look into the matter and necessary action will be taken.? Air India spokesperson, Dhananjay Kumar, confirmed the incident and said that taking safety as priority, the pilot took necessary precautions before taking off the flight. ?The swarms of bees kept coming and settling on the wind screen of the cockpit, not allowing the pilot to push back,? he explained.The incident took place when the flight was to line up for its scheduled take off. The Flight 9I 867 of Alliance Air, a subsidiary of Air India, couldn?t push back when a group of bees surrounded the twin engine turboprop. Though the aircraft?s door was shut to stop bees from entering it, the pilot got in touch with the Air Traffic Control (ATC) who in turn informed the airport operator. The pilot had to then call for a spray in order to get rid of the bees. Commenting on the incident, Captain Mohan Ranganathan, aviation safety expert, said, ?Bees do not pose a threat to the ATR but the engineers and other ground staff who play a major role before take-off would  have found it impossible to perform their functions due to their presence.? Pilots said that the bee hives shouldn?t be in the airport premises as part of the air safety measures taken in the airport. Former Indian Air Force helicopter pilot and aviation expert, Vipul Saxena, said that the delay will not only be with respect to the safety of the passengers but also for the safety of the cockpit crew.?The DGCA should take a note of the incident and ensure that they do not occur again,? said a senior pilot associated with a leading airline. \r\nFlight Lt Shikha Pandey, a member of the Indian women's cricket team, was felicitated by Indian Air Force Chief BS Dhanoa for her performance at the Women's World Cup 2017. Pandey, commissioned in the IAF on June 30, 2012, as an air traffic control officer, was awarded the Chief of the Air Staff commendation by the Air Chief Marshal.\r\nNew Delhi, Aug 1 (PTI) Flight Lt Shikha Pandey, a member of the Indian womens cricket team, was today felicitated by Indian Air Force chief BS Dhanoa for her sterling performance at the recent World Cup. Pandey was awarded the chief of the air staff commendation by Air Chief Marshal Dhanoa for her performance at the recently concluded ICC Women World Cup, the IAF said. The Indian womens cricket team finished runner-up, losing to England narrowly by nine runs. However, the teams magnificent performance to reach the finals won laurels from all quarters. \r\nThe Jharkhand government on Tuesday cleared a draft anti-conversion bill which aims to ban religious conversion through force or allurement. Anyone found guilty of forced conversion will be liable to a punishment of three years in jail and/or a fine of ?50,000. Individuals voluntarily opting to change religion will need to inform local authorities about reasons for the conversion beforehand.\r\nThe Raghubar Das government in Jharkhand on Tuesday cleared the draft of an anti-conversion bill which discourages conversion to another religion through force or allurement even as opposition, religious groups and tribal activists criticised the move.The Jharkhand Anti-Conversion bill is likely to be tabled in the upcoming monsoon session of the assembly beginning August 8, home department sources said.As per the draft, anyone found guilty of forcibly converting ones religion through force or allurement, would be liable for punishment that includes jail term of three years and fine Rs 50,000.Individuals voluntarily opting to switch to another religion would have to inform the local deputy commissioner/collector about the reasons and the place of conversion, failing which he will be liable for prosecution and punishment.As per the cabinet decision, if forced conversion is found against minor, tribal, SC or woman, the culprit would be liable for imprisonment of up to four years and fine of Rs 1 lakh.If passed, Jharkhand would become the sixth Indian state to have an ?anti-conversion law? following Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh.Jharkhand Population Stats26% of Jharkhand population is tribalOf them, 39 % claim to be Hindus while 14.5 % follow ChristianityAs per 2011 census, Christian population rose by 29.7%, Muslims by 28.4% and Hindus by 21%Jharkhand government has identified 106 Christian affiliate NGOs that are misusing government money for religious conversionEver since the BJP government came to power with a full majority in December 2014, it has stepped up efforts to check religious conversion, specifically of tribals, who constitute 26% of the state?s total population.The trigger for the proposed bill came early this year when the government of India released the population census. As per the 2011 census, the Christian population in Jharkhand rose by a whopping 29.7% in the last 10 years followed by that of Muslims 28.4%, while Hindu population rose by 21%.To begin with, the government curbed the flow of government funds to various Christian affiliate social organisations and development groups that were allegedly misusing government money to convert people.Chief minister Das has voiced his concerns over the conversion of tribals through force or allurement on several occasions, and asked gullible tribals to protect their culture and religious practices at any cost.?Those indulging in forcible religious conversion would not be spared,? Das had said at a couple of public meetings in Gumla and Khunti, urging tribals not to fall prey to the baits of Christian missionary organisations.Christian and pro-Christian tribal groups had then raised objections over the CM?s remarks. Senior IAS officer Vandana Dadel, a tribal and practicing Catholic, shared her anguish on Facebook over the government?s over-indulgence in checking religious conversions, which, she said, is an individual?s choice and hence, should be left to the people.Christian groups have again upped their ante, this time, against the proposed legislation.?The BJP government?s intentions are not good. It wants to divide the tribals to further their political agenda in preparations for the next election,? said Prem Chand Murmu, president of Adivasi Budhijivi Manch (ABM).?Conversion is an individual choice. When one converts, his religion changes, not his caste. Reservation is given on basis of caste, not religion. But the BJP government is relating conversion to caste, which is not fair. We will protest the legislation,? he said.Murmu on Monday called on the National ST Commission and drew its attention towards the alleged violation of democratic rights of tribals in the state.Opposition Congress and JMM too criticised the proposed legislation. ?BJP wants to impose the RSS ideology on tribals and further their divide and rule agenda in the state,? said state Congress secretary, Aditya Vikram Jaiswal.JMM spokesperson Supriyo Bhattacharya said the legislation is aimed at creating friction among the tribal society, which does not augur well for the secular fabric of the nation. ?We will oppose the legislation tooth and nail,? he said.\r\nThe Central government has no accurate data on illegal migrants, Union Minister Kiren Rijiju said on Tuesday in Lok Sabha. Pointing out that these people entered India in a "clandestine and surreptitious manner," he said it would be "naturally" impossible to exact official figures. "We have taken various steps to ensure we detect them...and then prosecute them," he added.\r\nThe government has no ?accurate data? regarding illegal migrants who have entered India, the Lok Sabha was informed on Tuesday.Minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju also said that any particular community cannot be ?branded? for having alleged links with terrorists and terrorism. ?We cannot say that,? he said during the Question Hour.He agreed that several illegal migrants have acquired documents to make their stay in the country legal.Responding to supplementaries, he said since these people have entered the country in a ?clandestine and surreptitious manner?, ?naturally? official figures would be impossible.The Centre has asked the states to set up special task forces in each of the districts for detection, identification and interception of illegal migrants.The states also have powers under the 1946 Foreigners Act to deport illegal migrants. Detention centres have also been set up for detaining suspected illegal migrants, pending their deportation.He said illegal migrants disturbed the demographic profile of certain areas and create problems.Responding to the issue of Rohingya refugees, he said they are concentrated in Jammu and Kashmir.When asked by opposition members whether government has set up ?concentration camps? for them, he said no concentration camps have been established by the government but the refugees themselves have concentrated themselves there. \r\nFarmers from 78 villages in Maharashtra are reportedly planning to go on an indefinite fast to protest the alleged forcible acquisition of farm land for the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor. Despite the project getting scaled down to one-third its original size, the 78 villages have not been denotified, activists said. Officials maintained that they are not planning forcible land acquisition. \r\nProtesting against the ?forcible acquisition of farm land for the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), farm activists plan to go on an indefinite fast from August 1 in Raigad district under the banner of ?Corridor Virodhi Shetkari Sangharsh Samiti? and ?Jagatikaran Virodhi Kruti Samiti?.The group represents 78 villages, which were originally part of the project. Following protests in 2013, the project was scaled down to one-third its size. In the first phase of the project, only 10 villages are involved with the land spread over 3,100 hectares. Activists claimed despite scaling down the project, the 78 villages were not denotified, raising questions over the intent of the government. The farmers have alleged the Maharashtra government has acquired around 1,000 hectares in Roha and Mangaon tehsils of Raigad and is looking to forcibly acquire the rest. DMIC officials maintain they are not planning forcible acquisition of land and a majority of the land for the phase one of the project has been acquired through negotiations.Ulka Mahajan, a member of the committee, said, ?We demand the state government form a committee to look into our concerns.?\r\nBihar's newly appointed Deputy CM Sushil Modi said he would soon hold a press conference to "make a big expose" on Lalu Prasad's family and RJD's links with sand mafia. The government was committed to taking actions against anyone involved in corruption, he added. RJD's Bihar unit spokesperson dismissed Modi's allegations as "baseless and absurd".\r\nBihar deputy chief minister Sushil Modi on Tuesday alleged that he would soon come out with documentary proof of sand mafia funding the RJD and investing in Lalu Prasad?s family assets.?Sand mafia fund political parties...sand mafia are the main source of RJD?s funding...I would soon hold a press conference to make a big expose on Lalu Prasad?s family links with those big guns involved in sand mining,? Modi told reporters in Patna.The senior BJP leader asserted that the state government was committed to take action against all types of persons involved in corruption.In reply to a query as whether he had gone through the file of ?soil purchase?, Modi tried to downplay the issue by saying that it was a very small issue.?We (govt) will see as what action has been initiated in the case. What is the progress in the case and what further action is required to be done in it,? Modi said.?This (soil purchase scam) is a very small issue.RJD?s Bihar unit spokesman and media in-charge Pragati Mehta dismissed the allegations as ?baseless and absurd?.?We don?t take notice of Sushil Modi?s allegations. He has been in the habit of making baseless and absurd allegations against Lalu Prasadji and his family.....There is no force in his (Modi?s) allegations,? he said.?BJP is the party of Ambani and Adani whereas ours is a party of poor people which is driven by workers? cooperation,? Mehta added.Earlier on Tuesday, RJD supremo Lalu Prasad hit back at Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, accusing him of ?betrayal? for breaking the Grand Alliance, and alleged that the ?match was fixed? between him and the BJP to form a coalition government in the state.Kumar in a blistering attack on Prasad on Monday said he had no option but to walk out of the Grand Alliance as he did not want to compromise with corruption. \r\nFilmmaker Hansal Mehta has denied reports of Kangana Ranaut taking over editing of the trailer of his upcoming directorial 'Simran' after being unhappy over the first cut. "All this speculation is false, malicious and fabricated," he added. Co-producer Bhushan Kumar said, "At the end, the film is a director's vision and the film campaign will stay close to that only".\r\nDirector Hansal Mehta has trashed all speculation around the Kangana Ranaut-starrer Simran, saying that they are "false, malicious and totally fabricated".Mehta dismissed the reports that Kangana had taken over editing of the trailer after being unhappy over the first cut. "All this speculation is false, malicious and totally fabricated. I collaborate closely with my team and my actors are an integral part of that collaboration. It angers me that every time some malicious gossip has to be spread, people meaninglessly drag Kangana into their stupid machinations. She is a valued friend, actor and collaborator. Period," Mehta said in a statement."I'm even more hurt that some malicious person chooses to drag my relationship with Vishal Bhardwaj into this malice. Vishal is one of my dearest friends and if I am making films today it is because of him. I would never say anything that could remotely even hurt or upset somebody I love so dearly and to whom I am so grateful," he added.Co-producer Bhushan Kumar said he is saddened by the reports as they put the film in a negative light. "We are very saddened with this news. Her (Kangana) sitting on the edit table is completely false. We all work as a team and her feedback on every promo and plan is crucial. At the end, the film is a director's vision and the film campaign will stay close to that only," Kumar said.Simran is set to release on September 15.\r\nChina will never seek "aggression or expansion" but will not allow anyone to "split its territory", President Xi Jinping said amid the ongoing standoff between Indian and Chinese troops along the Sikkim border. He also urged the country's Army to forge an elite and powerful force that is always "ready for the fight, capable of combat and sure to win".\r\n(Eds: Updating with fresh quotes) By K J M Varma Beijing, Aug 1 (PTI) China will never seek "aggression or expansion" but will not allow anyone to "split its territory", President Xi Jinping asserted today as he lauded the Armys strong resolve to protect the countrys sovereignty and defeat "all invasions" amid territorial disputes with its neighbours. "No one should expect us to swallow the bitter fruit that is harmful to our sovereignty, security or development interests," Xi said as the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) is engaged in a standoff with Indian troops at Doklam in the Sikkim section since mid-June. Though there was no direct reference to the Sikkim standoff, Xi urged the PLA to focus on war preparedness to forge an elite and powerful force that is always "ready for the fight, capable of combat and sure to win". "There are various means and choices to safeguard peace and security and prevent war, but military means should remain the final guarantee," he said.  Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, made the remarks at the ceremony to mark the 90th founding anniversary of the 2.3 million strong PLA, the worlds largest standing army. He said China would never allow "any people, organisation or political party to split any part of Chinese territory out of the country at any time, in any form." "The Chinese people love peace. We will never seek aggression or expansion, but we have the confidence to defeat all invasions," Xi, 64, said at the ceremony held at the Great Hall of the People attended by Premier Li Keqiang and other top leaders of the ruling Communist Party and army officials. This is the second time in three days that Xi spoke of the PLAs capability to thwart invasions. On July 30, Xi during a massive PLA parade had said, "I firmly believe that our gallant military has both confidence and ability to defeat all invading enemies". His remarks came in the midst of a massive official media campaign and assertion by Chinas foreign and defence ministries accusing Indian troops of trespassing into Chinese territory at Doklam. National Security Advisor Ajit Doval during the Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa NSAs meet here on July 27- 28 also held separate talks with his Chinese counterpart Yang Jiechi. Both the countries are tight-lipped about the outcome of Doval-Yang talks. China is also engaged in a number of maritime disputes with its neighbours like Japan, the Philippines and Vietnam in the East and South China seas. Beijing also threatens to use force against arch-rival Taiwan if negotiations fail to reunify the island with the mainland. In his speech today, Xi called for new generation of "capable, brave and virtuous" army "with souls" in order to build a strong military. He reiterated that the PLA should function under the CPC leadership, highlighting that its sole command is the party leadership not the government like elsewhere in the world. The PLA should firmly safeguard the CPCs leadership and the socialist system, protect national sovereignty, security and development interests as well as regional and world peace, he said. The life of the military personnel lies in combat ability, he said, urging the PLA to strengthen its awareness of being prepared for any eventualities. "All thoughts must be put on combat, and all work should focus on combat so the military can assemble, charge forward and win any time the party and the people need them to," he said. \r\nMaharashtra's Agriculture Minister Pandurang Fundkar topped the list of absentees in cabinet meetings by missing 11 out of the 35 meetings held between July 2016 to May 2017, according to an RTI response. Fundkar clarified that he missed two meetings for personal reasons, and was either attending state functions or on foreign tour during rest of the meetings.\r\nApart from Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis, not a single minister has a 100% attendance record for the cabinet meetings that were  held from July 2016 to May 2017. Agriculture minister Pandurang Fundkar tops the list of absentees.As per the state?s reply to a Right to Information (RTI) application filed by activist Anil Galgali, of the 35 cabinet meetings held in the past 11 months, Fundkar has missed 11.He said, ?I could not attend three meetings, as I had to be present at other government and statutory functions. I missed a few because I was on an official foreign tour, as part of the state?s delegation. I sought the CM?s permission to remain absent for these meetings. There were only two meetings I could not attend due to personal reasons ?  one when my son got married and the other when my daughter got married.?Besides Fundkar, finance minister Sudhir Mungantiwar, energy minister Chandrashekhar Bawankule, social justice minister Rajkumar Badole, women and child development minister Pankaja Munde and labour minister Sambhaji Nilangekar also made it to the list of absentees. As per reply given by the chief secretary?s office, Mungantiwar and Bawankule were absent for nine cabinet meetings. While Badole, Munde and Nilangekar skipped eight meetings. ?Other than CM Fadnavis, all 22 ministers have been absent in some or the other cabinet meeting. These meetings are held to discuss important issues to properly govern the state. Hence, it is important for every minister to attend every single meet,? Galgali said.On the other hand, education minister Vinod Tawde, transport minister Diwakar Raote, tribal development minister Vishnu Savra and dairy development Minister Mahadev Jankar missed just one meeting each. While water resources and medical education Minister Girish Mahajan was absent from two meetings. The Maharashtra cabinet has 23, including Fadnavis, following its expansion in July 2016. \r\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has signed a censorship law that bans the use of virtual private networks (VPNs) and other technologies which allow people to access prohibited websites and surf the web anonymously. Amnesty International criticised the law which will come into force on November 1 this year, as the "latest blow in an assault on online freedom."\r\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has signed a law that prohibits technology that provides access to websites banned in the country, the government?s website said.The law, already approved by the Duma, the lower house of parliament, will ban the use of virtual private networks (VPNs) and other technologies, known as anonymizers, that allow people to surf the web anonymously. It comes into force on November 1.Leonid Levin, the head of the Duma?s information policy committee, has said the law is not intended to impose restrictions on law-abiding citizens but is meant only to block access to ?unlawful content,? RIA news agency said.\r\nSinger Sukhe, who sang the song 'Jaguar', jokingly said the owners of the car brand should have paid him for making the brand so popular through his song. "After the song was out, there were so many Jaguars to be seen [in]... places like Chandigarh!" he added. Sukhe further joked, "Jab next part aayega, I will definitely be approaching them."\r\nPunjabi rapper-singer SukhE?s career is on a roll. Two years after delivering the hit song, Jaguar, with rapper Bohemia, he feels that the car brand  owners should have paid him for promoting them. ?Haan, I do think that (they should have paid him). Jab mera gaana aaya tha, tab very few people knew about the car brand Jaguar. I hail from Garhshankar, a small village in Punjab, and people there didn?t even know that cars of this name existed. After the song was out, there were so many Jaguars to be seen on the roads, suddenly in places like Chandigarh!?, he laughs, adding, ?Jab next part aayega, I will definitely be approaching them, ki now you have to help me out.?SukhE, who is currently working on tracks for a couple of Bollywood films is happy that almost every Hindi film today features a Punjabi song. ?At the end, what matters is result. Punjabi songs ki wajah se promotion hoti hai films ki, and thus contribute to making it a hit. But of course, making good music is a result of teamwork.? He also makes sure that the lyrics of his songs are easily understandable and thus appeal to the listeners. ?It shouldn?t be such that people in Punjab are able to enjoy my songs, while people in Delhi struggle to comprehend the meaning.The most important thing for me is that the lyrics of my songs sabko easily samajh mein aane chahiye?, says the  27-year old, who recently released his new single Superstar.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Opposition has demanded that the Maharashtra government remove the names of Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi from state board textbooks in reference to the Emergency and Bofors scam. The BJP-led state government was trying to drive its political agenda by influencing educational material, Congress' Sanjay Dutt alleged. The house had to be adjourned to let the chaos die down.\r\nThe Opposition slammed the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led Maharashtra government for mentioning the names of former Congress Prime Ministers Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi in state board history textbooks in reference to the Emergency and Bofors scam, respectively. Legislators raised uproar in the state legislative council demanding the government delete these references and alleged the state government is trying to drive its political agenda by influencing educational material. Legislative Council chairman Ramraje Nimbalkar had to adjourn the house for 10 minutes for the chaos to die down. Congress? Sanjay Dutt who raised the issue in the upper house said, ?The defamatory reference to former PM Indira Gandhi while mentioning the Emergency and Rajiv Gandhi about Bofors in the state school board?s history and political science textbook for Class 9 should be removed. This is the state government?s attempt to drive political influence and will not be tolerated.? Legislators from the Congress as well as the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) supported the demand, saying there is little description of all significant achievements of Congress and NCP leaders in the textbooks. State school education minister Vinod Tawde said the minister does not have any role in it and the textbooks are written by a committee of experts. ?I don?t have the authority to scrap anything from textbooks or make changes. I will convey the sentiments of the house to the committee. There is absolutely no political interference,? Tawde said. The BJP minister said it is unfair to say the government has omitted the description of significant achievements of Congress and NCP leaders. ?The textbook has references to Indira Gandhi?s role in privatization of banks, creation of Bangladesh or Rajiv Gandhi?s approach in the conflict in Sri Lanka and so on,? he said.\r\nThe Goa government on Tuesday told the state legislative assembly that strict action would be taken against people found drinking on state beaches and that they could even be arrested. "The beaches should be clean and there should not be any illegality on them," Goa's Tourism Minister Manohar Ajgaonkar said. "We will not mind arresting them, if required," he added. \r\nThe BJP-led Goa government on Tuesday told the state legislative assembly that strict action would be taken against the people found drinking on the state beaches, and if need be, they could even be arrested.?The beaches should be clean and there should not be any illegality on them. We have also stopped people drinking on the beaches. We will not mind arresting them, if required,? state tourism minister Manohar Ajgaonkar told the House.The minister said police had in the past booked a few cases against tourists caught drinking on beaches.?We will be amending the Tourist Trade Act, giving more powers... I have asked the tourist guards to be on the vigil against the sale of drugs. No one will be allowed to take law into their hands,? he said.Ajgaonkar was responding to a question tabled by Congress legislator Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco.In May this year, police in the tourist state had asked its personnel to arrest people found drinking in public places. At a meeting held in Calangute that month, citizens had complained about drinking on beaches as well other public places and no action being taken against them.Meanwhile, replying to another question, the state on Tuesday refused to withdraw the contract signed with the lifeguard agency to man the beaches, claiming that the government could not run such services.?The state government used to run lifeguard services in the past. But since the government could not run it in a satisfactory manner, it was outsourced to a private firm,? chief minister Manohar Parrikar said.Responding to the demand made by the opposition benches, the Chief Minister ruled out that the government end the services of the private agency.Ajgaonkar hailed Drishti Lifesaving Private Ltd for doing ?excellent? job of saving the lives on the beaches.?So many lives have been saved by the lifeguards, who are attached to this agency. We need to save lives of people so that tourism thrives,? Ajgaonkar said.He said that total 3,033 lives were saved during the last five years by the agency, which has 677 lifeguards on its roll of which 83 per cent are Goans.Drishti is a Mumbai-based firm. The opposition legislators, including Jeniffer Monserratte and Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, demanded that since there were majority Goans working as a lifeguard, the services should be given to any state-level company.?If Goans are available to take over this contract, then they can come ahead. Let them participate in the tendering process to win the contract,? Ajgaonkar said. \r\nThe Delhi Police on Saturday arrested a 45-year-old woman for supplying illegal weapons and recovered fourteen semi-automatic sophisticated pistols with magazines from her possession. A mother of five children, the accused had started supplying illegal arms after she was unable to meet her basic needs as a farm labourer. She was arrested based on a tip-off before an arms delivery.\r\nDelhi Police special cell on Saturday arrested a woman in connection with an arms trafficking racket and recovered 14 semi-automatic sophisticated pistols of 7.65mm with 14 magazines from her possession.Mobai (45), police said, is a proclaimed offender with many cases of arms act registered against her. The recovered weapons are engraved with ?Made in England? and ?Made in USA? markings.A mother of five children, she earlier worked as a labourer in the fields but her income was not sufficient to meet her basic needs. Being unable to make her ends meet, she came in contact with arms traffickers in MP and started supplying illegal arms. ?It had come to notice that arms manufacturers and suppliers from MP are supplying sophisticated firearms in Delhi-NCR and adjoining areas of UP. A team was deputed to identify the gang in Delhi. The team deployed informers in and around Delhi-NCR, MP and UP to gather leads about the gang and the racket,? DCP special cell, PS Kushwah said.Police recovered 14 semi-automatic sophisticated pistols of 7.65mm with 14 magazines from Mobai?s possession.?Last Wednesday, we received an information that one woman supplier of illegal arms, who is also a proclaimed offender, would come near Shastri Park, between 6pm and 7pm to deliver a huge cache of semi-automatic weapons and meet her contacts,? Kushwah said. A trap was laid and the woman was spotted. ?She was carrying a black and a red bag on her right shoulder. She started waiting there for someone. After some time when no one turned up and as she was about to leave, she was apprehended with the help of woman staff,? Kushwah said.Mobai told police that she collected the weapons from a manufacturer in Gandhwani, MP, and supplied them to contacts in Delhi and Western UP. During interrogation, she said she had supplied weapons in Delhi-NCR and UP West to different persons on many occasions in the last 15 years, police said.?She was found involved in cases of arms supply. Her other involvements are being verified,? Kushwah said.\r\nTennis star Serena Williams wrote a personal essay in which she demanded equal pay for black women. In the essay, Williams said that for every dollar earned by men in the United States, black women earn just 63 cents. "The cycles of poverty, discrimination and sexism are much, much harder to break than the Grand Slam titles record," Williams wrote.\r\nSerena Williams, one of the highest paid and most successful athletes in the world, has issued a stirring call for black women to demand equal pay and spoken about the racism she has faced ?on and off the tennis court?.In a personal essay published by Fortune to coincide with Black Women?s Equal Pay Day, the tennis superstar said the gender pay gap ?hits women of colour the hardest?, as they suffer from both gender and racial financial disparity. For every dollar earned by men in the US, Williams said, black women earn 63 cents, and 17% less than white women.Her comments come as pay gaps are examined in a range of industries after the BBC was engulfed in scandal when it published a list of its top earners in July.Williams, a 23-times grand slam winner, wrote that black women have to work eight months longer to earn the same ?as their male counterparts do in one year?, and drew on her own experiences to highlight the unfair treatment of black women in the workplace. ?I?ve been disrespected by my male colleagues and ? in the most painful times ? I?ve been the subject of racist remarks on and off the tennis court,? she wrote.Williams has repeatedly been the target of sexist and racist remarks by men in tennis. In 2016 the chief executive of the Indian Wells tennis tournament, Raymond Moore, said women?s tennis was riding on the coat-tails of the men?s tour and that female players should ?thank god? for Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal. In April the Romanian team captain, Ilie Nastase, made an apparently racist comment about Williams?s unborn baby and was heard calling her and Johanna Konta ?fucking bitches?. Most recently, former champion John McEnroe said Williams would ?be, like, 700 in the world? if she played on the men?s tour. ?Luckily I am blessed with an inner drive and a support system of family and friends that encourage me to move forward. But these injustices still hurt,? Williams wrote.July 31 is Black Women's Equal Pay Day. Black women are the cornerstone of our communities, they are phenomenal, and they deserve equal pay. pic.twitter.com/XOHyIdbYPcNoting that she is ?in the rare position to be financially successful beyond my imagination?, Williams said that, if she had not been lucky enough to pick up a tennis racquet and break through, she would be like the other 24 million black women facing wage disparities in the US.?The cycles of poverty, discrimination and sexism are much, much harder to break than the record for Grand Slam titles,? she wrote. ?For every black woman that rises through the ranks to a position of power, there are too many others who are still struggling.?She said that changing the status quo would take courage to push the issue into the spotlight and force employers to compensate female employees equally: ?We deserve equal pay for our mothers, our wives, our daughters, our nieces, friends, and colleagues ? but mostly for ourselves.?Black women: be fearless. Speak out for equal pay. Every time you do, you?re making it a little easier for a woman behind you. Let?s get back those 37 cents.?Black Women?s Equal Pay Day, on 31 July, marked how long into 2017 an African American woman would have to work to be paid the same wages as her white male counterpart last year. ?Despite the large gender disadvantage faced by all women, black women were near parity with white women in 1979,? the Economic Policy Institute said. ?However in 2016, white women?s wages grew to 76% of white men?s, compared to 67% for black women relative to white men ? a racial difference of nine percentage points. The trend is going the wrong way ? progress is slowing for black women.?In the UK, research by the Fawcett Society in March revealed a similar story, that many minority ethnic women were ?left behind? by progress on the pay gap. Black African women in the UK have seen virtually no progress since the 1990s in closing the gender pay gap with white British men, with a full-time pay gap of 21.4% in the 1990s and 19.6% today. ?Black African women have been largely left behind, and in terms of closing the pay gap, Pakistani and Bangladeshi women are today only where white British women were in the 1990s,? Sam Smethers, the charity?s chief executive, said.The low number of staff from ethnic minorities on the BBC?s list of its best-paid talent has also provoked an angry response inside the corporation, after no black or ethnic minority staff featured among those earning the top 24 salaries. Williams has been a consistent advocate of equal pay. Earlier this month, when asked about what she would want for her child, she said: ?If my daughter were to play in a sport and she was able to have equal prize money, or equal pay, or equal rights, I feel like that would be a success. And if not, I would really want her to speak up for it. Any daughter of mine will have a voice.?She also praised Andy Murray after he corrected a journalist who said Sam Querrey was ?the first US player to reach a major semi-final since 2009?. Williams has joined the board of Silicon Valley firm SurveyMonkey to help tech companies diversify their workforces.\r\nFMCG major ITC on Tuesday announced that Ashok Malik, who has been appointed the Press Secretary of the newly elected President Ram Nath Kovind, has resigned from its Board of Directors. Malik had joined the ITC board as an additional non-executive director, from April 11 as the representative of the Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India.\r\nNew Delhi, Aug 1 (PTI) Diversified conglomerate ITC today said Ashok Malik, who has been appointed the press secretary of the President of India, has resigned from its board of directors. "Ashok Malik resigned from the board of directors of the company with effect from close of work on July 31, 2017, consequent on his appointment as press secretary to the President of India," the company said. \r\nPlaywright-actor Sam Shepard, who won the Pulitzer Prize in 1979 for his play 'Buried Child', passed away at the age of 73. He died of complications from Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), a disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. Shepard also received an Oscar nomination for best supporting actor for his role in 'The Right Stuff'. \r\nPlaywright, director and actor Sam Shepard has died at the age of 73.The Pulitzer prize winner died of complications from ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also known as motor neurone disease) at his home in Kentucky on 30 July surrounded by family. Shepard had written 44 plays including Buried Child, which won him the Pulitzer prize for drama in 1979. He also received an Oscar nomination for best supporting actor for his role in The Right Stuff.Shepard started writing plays in the 60s. ?Back then, there was a dearth of American theatre,? he told the Observer in 2014. ?There was nothing going on. American art was starving.?His work included Angel City, Cowboy Mouth (in collaboration with Patti Smith that was written in just two nights) and a screenplay for Wim Wenders? Paris, Texas. He received Tony nominations for both Buried Child and a 2000 revival of True West.Shepard also directed many of his plays but with rare exceptions, he refrained from directing work of others. He directed two films: 1988?s Far North with then-partner Jessica Lange and 1993?s Silent Tongue, which starred Richard Harris and River Phoenix.He also collaborated with Bob Dylan for the song Brownsville Girl which featured on his 1986 album Knocked Out Loaded. As an actor, his first notable role was in Terrence Malick?s Days of Heaven in 1978. He went on to star in Baby Boom, Steel Magnolias, The Pelican Brief, Black Hawk Down, The Notebook and August: Osage County. He was most recently seen in the Netflix drama Bloodline, alongside Sissy Spacek.He was known as an acclaimed character actor rather than an A-lister, a route he chose early in his career. ?I had all kinds of wild offers at that time to be a movie star and I panicked,? he later said. ?I was turning down things like Warren Beatty?s Reds, that part of Eugene O?Neill [played by Jack Nicholson]. My agent was going crazy. I hadn?t realized what the experience of it would be like ? to be on the verge of being a movie star. Because it?s like you are the hottest whore in town. Everybody wants you.?When asked about his performances on stage, he said he wasn?t quite as comfortable as on screen. ?You don?t have to do anything in the movies,? he said in an interview with the New York Times. ?You just sit there. Well, that?s not entirely true. You do less. I find the whole situation of confronting an audience terrifying.?Before his death, he completed a role in the psychological thriller Never Here with Mireille Enos. This year also saw the release of his book The One Inside, a series of conversations with himself. He is survived by three children.Figures from both stage and screen have paid tribute to Shepard on Twitter. Writer Beau Willimon referred to him as ?fearless? and ?one of the greats?, Harlan Coben tweeted: ?How special was he? Even when you didn?t like something he?d done, you were glad you saw it? and Reese Witherspoon called him ?a truly original actor and an incredible writer?.\r\nDigital payments startup Paytm is planning to launch its own messaging service by the end of August, according to reports. The chat platform, which will allow users to send videos, audios, pictures, and texts, will reportedly be embedded in Paytm's current app. The new service by SoftBank and Alibaba-backed Paytm is expected to rival WhatsApp. \r\nLeading digital payments firm Paytm plans to launch a messaging service to rival Facebook Inc?s WhatsApp by the end of August, a source familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.SoftBank and Alibaba-backed Paytm is seeking to attract people in India to use the new messaging service embedded in its app, which many already use to buy everything from food to plane tickets.Paytm?s messaging service will allow users to send audio, video and pictures and texts, the source, who declined to be named, said.Paytm currently has more than 225 million users.Earlier this year, another home grown messaging platform Hike rolled out an in-app electronic payments service to cash in on rising digital transactions in India.E-payments in India surged after the country banned old high-value currency notes late last year. Firms like Paytm have since rapidly increased their market share. Digital payments in India would jump nearly 10 times to $500 billion by 2020, according to a 2016 report by Boston Consulting Group.WhatsApp itself has been looking at moving into digital payment services in India.The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday was first to report Paytm?s plan to launch a messaging service. Paytm did not respond to an email seeking comment while WhatsApp was not immediately reachable for comment.\r\nFinance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday said in Lok Sabha that the Centre's demonetisation decision has led to squeezing of terror funds, including in Jammu and Kashmir. Jaitley added that as a result of demonetisation, terrorists were forced to rob banks for money, and the number of stone throwers in Jammu and Kashmir has gone down in last few months.\r\nA united opposition stalled proceedings in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday, protesting the government?s decision to hike the prices of domestic cooking gas (LPG) by Rs 4 per cylinder every month to eliminate all subsidies by next March.Congress, Samajwadi Party, Trinamool Congress, Bahujan Samaj Party and Left MPs stormed into the Well of the House shouting slogans seeking withdrawal of the decision. The issue was raised by TMC?s Derek O?Brien who gave a notice under rule 267 that seeks to set aside business of the day to discuss an important issue.The LPG subsidy issue was raised in the Lok Sabha as well. Outside the Parliament, Dharmendra Pradhan said, ?Subsidy will not be cut down, it will only be rationalised. The (Opposition) uproar is baseless.?The Opposition in Rajya Sabha also protested and questioned the NOTA provision for the upcoming election to the house. Deputy leader of the Congress Anand Sharma said the decision to provide the NOTA option had been made without amending the Constitution or the law as per the direction of the Election CommissionHighlights of Day 12 of the Parliament?s Monsoon Session:7.18 pm: Expansion of GST will help benefit states: Jaitley.6:46 pm: Demonetisation has led to squeezing of terror funds, including in Jammu and Kashmir, says finance minister Arun Jaitley in Lok Sabha.3:15 pm: Rajya Sabha moves to consider and vote on Right of Children to Free and Complaint Education (Amendment) Bill, 2017.3:10 pm:  TMC?s Sudip Bandhopadhyay speaks about impact of demonetisation and GST. He says that a GST-oriented supplementary demand for grant may be necessary. 2:49 pm: The discussion partially goes back to Demands for Supplementary Grants.2:45 pm: Meanwhile, the Rajya Sabha is discussing the violation of conditions of Letter of Permit by foreign trawlers in deep sea fishing through a Calling Attention motion.2:40pm: It has turned into a discussion on demonetisation. BJP?s Nishikant Dubey responds. He quotes the World Bank chief as saying demonetisation will clean up Indian economy and cites OECD report saying the move will have short-term cost, but will be good for the economy in the long-run.2:35 pm: Venugopal says demonetisation and hasty implementation of GST has destroyed the economy. He concludes by quoting Lincoln, ?You can fool all the people some of the time, you can fool some people all the time, but you can?t fool all the people all the time.?2:32pm: Venugopal says everyone agrees GST is good but criticises the implementation of the regime saying there are still multiple taxes.2:30 pm:  Venugopal talks about deteriorating situation in Kashmir and job loss in 2017.?We discussed the lynchings yesterday. Everyone in the Opposition agrees it is terrible. Only the BJP ministers are justifying it,? he says.2:20 pm: Lok Sabha reconvenes. House begins discussion on Supplementary Demands for Grants.Congress MP KC Venugopal asks what the real impact of demonetisation has been. ?We, the members of the Lok Sabha, have the right to know the exact figures? how much demonetised currency has come back, how many new notes have been printed and how much black money has been unearthed. We are expecting answers from the finance minister today.2:05 pm: Government moves to withdraw The Participation of Workers in Management Bill, 1990. Motion is passed.2:02pm:  Rajya Sabha reconvenes. Jairam Ramesh raises issue of new rules regarding Finance Act notified by the government in June but not tabled in the Upper House yet.1:15 pm: Lok Sabha adjourned for lunch till 2:15 pm.1:05 pm: Amid ruckus, MPs continue to present their notices. BJP?s Anju Bala says making cow the national animal like Nepal has will reduce violence against the animal.1:00 pm: Zero Hour continues even as TMC MPs continue to protest in raised voices. Chair asks names of the companies mentioned by Somaiya to be expunged.12:57 pm: BJP?s Kirit Somaiya says one of the shareholder companies allegedly involved in a scam reportedly has the West Bengal chief minister?s as reigstered address.TMC MPs shout and raise objection.12:52pm: Kirron Kher says stalking should be considered crime against women. Invasive stalking should be criminalised, she says12:49 pm:?TMC?s Saugata Roy refers to resignations by Congress MLAs in Gujarat and BJP?s alliance with JD(U)?s Bihar. ?There are allegations the government is using its money power,? he says.12:41 pm:  Outside the Parliament, Dharmendra Pradhan says, ?Subsidy will not be cut down, it will only be rationalised. The (Opposition) uproar is baseless.?12:35 pm:  In the Lok Sabha, BJP?s Varun Gandhi asks whether MPs need higher salaries when the Cabinet and state lawmakers take salary cuts to support farmers. Tamil Nadu farmers have been holding protests in Delhi over farmer suicides.Gandhi wants MP salary examined in 15th Finance Commission.12:29 pm: Rajya Sabha reconvenes. Opposition raises of NOTA issue.Chair asks, ?How does this relate to the Question Hour???This is the ultimate question!? one MP replies.As Opposition MPs raise their voices and demand answers, Chair adjourns house till 2 pm.12:24 pm: Earlier in the day, during the BJP parliamentary party meeting, Amit Shah pulled up MPs over their absence in the Rajya Sabha on Monday, PTI reported.?When the party issues a whip, members must be present in the House. The party president has taken a serious view of the absence of members. He said it should not have happened and must not be repeated,? Parliamentary Affairs Minister Ananth Kumar saidA BJP MP present in the meeting said Shah wondered if the absentee MPs should be named as the party, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has repeatedly stressed on the need for their presence in Parliament.12:20 pm:  Opposition MPs shout slogans. Many walk out.12:16 pm:  In the Lok Sabha, KC Venugopal of Congress raises issue of LPG subsidy and rising oil prices. RSP?s NK Premachandaran says, ?The oil companies were told about this in March. Prices increased in July. Why is the government hiding its policies??Opposition demands response from minister.12:13 pm: Derek O?Brien intervenes and says , ?Opposition united on issue of LPG subsidy.?Chair tries to resume Question Hour but is interrupted. Ruckus in the house. Rajya Sabha adjourned for another 10 minutes.12:10 pm:  Sharma asks, ?How can the EC remove the NOTA option without coming to this House and amending laws? This will be examined but now is not the Time.??Only the courts can direct the EC,? Leader of the House, Arun Jaitley says.Opposition raises concerns about the Presidential and Vice-Presidential elections. 12: 05pm:  Rajya Sabha resumes business. Vice President Hamid Ansari in the Chair.Congress? Anand Sharma says there was no NOTA option in the Rajya Sabha election. Chair asks him to take it up with Election Commission. 12:02 pm: Rijiju refutes allegation that refugee camp in Jammu and Kashmir. ?You misunderstand. We are not making concentration camps. They are coming there and getting concentrated there,? he says.Speaker disallows all adjournment notices.11:58am: In the Lok Sabha, Congress? Mallikarjun Kharge questions the government?s response that no accurate date is available about number of illegal immigrants in the country.Impossible to get accurate number, but we are taking steps to have special task forces and prosecute such immigrants, replies MoS Kiren Rijiju.11:47 am: Rajya Sabha adjourned for a second time till noon.11:45 am: Speaker exhorts members to listen to Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan?s response. Opposition MPs walk to well of the house shouting slogans.11:40 am: Rajya Sabha resumes. Ghulam Nabi Azad on government?s rollback of LPG subsidy: This government is killing the poor. This is unacceptable.11:30 am:  TMC?s Derek O?Brien questions government notification on gas subsidies that says rates are going to be hiked month on month by Rs 4 and by March all LPG subsidies will be eliminated. O?Brien says the government is not keeping its promises.Uproar in Rajya Sabha over house not being informed about government notification.Chair adjourns house for 10 minutes.11:15 am: Zero Hour in the Rajya Sabha. Leader of Opposition Ghulam Nabi Azad raises issue of members of the house not being invited to the Parliament Annexe foundation stone laying ceremony on Monday. No one from the Rajya Sabha including the Chairman and Deputy Chairman were invited. Members of the house were not told about the event.Chair PJ Kurien takes note and says Secretary General of the Rajya Sabha has already written to the Lok Sabha regarding this impropriety.11:05 am: Question Hour begins in Lok Sabha. AIADMK?s Elumalai Vellaigounder asks the government if more Centres will be set up to expedite creation of Aadhaar cards?.11:00 am: Legislative business in the two Houses of Parliament todayIn the Lok SabhaDiscussion and voting on Supplementary Demands for Grants for 2017-18 & Demands for Excess Grants (General) for 2014-15Bills for consideration and passing:The Banking Regulation (Amendment) Bill, 2017The Central Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu and Kashmir) Bill, 2017The Integrated Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu and Kashmir) Bill, 2017 In the Rajya SabhaCalling attention on the situation arising out of violation of conditions of Letter of Permit by foreign trawlers in deep sea fishing in Indian seas and the action taken by the Government on it. Bill for withdrawal:The Participation of Workers in Management Bill, 1990Bills for consideration and passing:The Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (Amendment) Bill,2017The Factories (Amendment) Bill, 2016The Companies (Amendment) Bill, 2017\r\nReacting to the protests demanding separate state Gorkhaland, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday said, "I'm ready to give up my life but I'll never support dividing (the state) into parts." "This is India. It's our duty to protect it, not to divide it...the hills are a part of Bengal and will remain so in the future," Mamata added.\r\nWest Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday said she will never support the division of the state and urged all political parties in the hills to restore peace and normal life in Darjeeling, where the indefinite shutdown entered its 48th day.?Whatever happens, everyone should remember that I am ready to give up my life but I will never support dividing (the state) into parts. Every district is our asset. People from every religion, caste will be here.?This is India. It is our duty to protect it, not to divide it. I love the hills like all other districts of West Bengal. But people must remember that the hills are a part of West Bengal and will remain so in the future,? she said in a rally here in North Dinajpur district this afternoon.?Whatever happens, everyone should remember that I am ready to give up my life but I will never support dividing (the state) into parts. Every district is our asset. People from every religion, caste will be here,? said Banerjee.The chief minister said that she would do everything for the development of Darjeeling but not anything which may lead to a riot or create disturbance among the people.Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) is spearheading the shutdown in Darjeeling to press the demand for a separate Gorkhaland.She requested political parties and leaders in the hills, to ?be calm and help in restoring normal life in Darjeeling?, to bring back peace and solve problems being faced by the locals.?I want the hills to get back to normal life. I want the tea gardens to start their operations. Darjeeling tea is a global brand, do not spoil it,? Banerjee said.The chief minister said that a political movement should be for the welfare of the people but the ongoing one by the GJM is ?only for the sake of politics?.?Today tea garden workers are not getting food. Students are unable to go to their schools and colleges. Tourism is getting affected. Why are you (GJM) in such a movement? There is no fault of the common people. They have not done anything wrong.?People are troubled and you (GJM) are continuing with the movement only for the sake of politics. This is not right,? she said.Banerjee alleged that it was not the hill people who were creating trouble, but political leaders, who were bringing in goons from outside to create law and order problems there.GJM chief Bimal Gurung had yesterday asked the chief minister to ?come and see the sad situation? in the hills.She had last visited Darjeeling on June 8, when the GJM supporters had clashed with the police outside the Rajbhavan where the state cabinet meeting was held. Following this, an agitation started and subsequently call for an indefinite strike was given in support of their demand of separate Gorkhaland.\r\nIndia head coach Ravi Shastri has said Virat Kohli will match former skipper MS Dhoni's record as captain. "The way Virat is progressing, he may well catch up with Dhoni. I have been involved with cricket for 35 years as player, commentator and coach. Apart from Sachin Tendulkar, I have never seen anyone break records like Kohli," said Shastri.\r\nVirat Kohli?s ascendancy since becoming the India Test captain in 2014 has been startling. His aggressive attitude coupled with brilliance in batting meant that the national team found a perfect successor to Mahendra Singh Dhoni, whose achievement as skipper is unmatched in Indian cricket.While still it is early days, but Kohli can match Dhoni?s achievements as skipper, believes India?s new head coach Ravi Shastri.(Read | Virat Kohli ?spoilt for choices? ahead of second India vs Sri Lanka Test match) The claim may be tall since Dhoni remains the only cricket captain in the world to win all ICC trophies ? the World Cup, the World T20 and the Champions Trophy. His time at the helm of India also saw them claiming the No. 1 position in Tests.But then Kohli has also got a great start to his career as captain. Among all the captains who have led India for more than 20 Test matches, Kohli has the highest win percentage. In 27 Tests, he has 17 wins with 62.96 win percentage. Dhoni won 27 out of 60 Tests as captain, with the win percentage being 45. Sourav Ganguly is third in the list with a win percentage of 42.85, winning 21 out of 49 Tests as captain.(Read | How Hardik Pandya survived on Maggi before becoming Indian cricket team star) ?The way Virat is progressing, he may well catch up with Dhoni. I have been involved with cricket for 35 years as player, commentator and coach. Apart from Sachin Tendulkar, I have never seen anyone break records like Kohli. He has caught up with many greats, playing just half the number of matches. I wonder where will he stop,? Shastri told Anandabazar Patrika, a Bengali daily.Shastri, who returned to the Indian dressing room after a year-long gap as head coach, is currently touring Sri Lanka with the Indian team for a three-Test rubber followed by limited overs series.(Read | Sachin Tendulkar joins PM Narendra Modi in praising Indian women?s cricket team) The following seasons will see India travelling to South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. This was one area where Dhoni?s team failed to stamp their authority and if Kohli?s gang does it, there will be no doubt about who India?s greatest captain is.?Dhoni all-time greatest?Shastri, however, added that based on current record Dhoni is India?s all-time greatest captain.(Read | Khaled Mahmud, ex-Bangladesh skipper, suffers stroke; to be taken to Singapore) ?The guy has won two world titles - a World Cup and a World T20. Beside that, he has also finished runner-up in another World T20. He played in the semi-finals of two other World T20 and World Cups. People often talk about his limited-over record, but compare Dhoni?s Test with any captain and it will show who is the greatest ever ,? Shari said.?Virat is progressing in the same direction as well.?When Shastri was the team director of India from 2014 to 2016, he saw both Dhoni and Kohli as captains from close quarters. In fact, it was during Shastri?s time at the helm that Dhoni quit as Test captain to make way for Kohli in 2014.Shastri added that Kohli has potential to be the greatest captain of the current generation but may face stiff competition from an Australian.?Steve Smith. As a captain his batting record is exceptional,? Shastri said.As a captain, Smith?s batting average is 73.27, second only to Don Bradman?s 101.51. Kohli is third in the list with an average of 61.09.In days to come, the two might well decide whose team will rule cricket in the next decade.\r\nResponding to Vijender Singh's comment that "Chinese products don't last too long", Chinese boxer and Singh's next opponent Zulpikar Maimaitiali said, "I will show Vijender what Chinese are capable of. We have shown India time and again...it's time that Vijender too learns his lesson." Singh and Maimaitiali will take on each other in a double title bout on August 5.\r\nChina's number one boxer and WBO Oriental Super Middleweight Champion Zulpikar Maimaitali has hit back at Vijender Singh ahead of Asia's biggest showdown 'Battleground Asia', saying he will show the Indian knockout king what "Chinese are capable of".Ahead of the bout, Vijender had trolled his Chinese opponent and said that he would try to finish the bout as soon as possible as "Chinese products don't last long".Replying to Vijender's comments Maimaitiali said, "I will show Vijender what Chinese are capable of. We have shown India time and again what China is capable of, it is time that Vijender too learns his lesson. I am coming to your home Vijender on 5th August and will take back your belt along with mine. I am going to knock you out in the early rounds"."I am fully prepared for this fight, this will be a big fight of my career as I am eying second belt of my pro career. I don't think he ever stood a chance in front of me, he thinks I am a kid. I will show what this kid is made of," he added.This fight between two top boxers of Asian subcontinent will decide the 'King of Asia'.China's undefeated star boxer has eight bouts under his name, same as Vijender. Zulpikar has five knock out wins and has fought 24 rounds. His last bout was with African boxer Thomas Mashali where he won his current title -- WBO Oriental Super Middleweight Champion last year. Zulpikar turned towards professional boxing in April 2015.Vijender, who remained unbeaten since his debut in professional boxing, has fought eight bouts, last one being against former world number one boxer Francis Cheka from Tanzania, where he defended his title.\r\nThe Opposition staged a walkout from the Maharashtra assembly, demanding a probe into the allegations of rape by a woman against a minister of the Devendra Fadnavis-led government. Opposition leader Ajit Pawar claimed he had a CD to prove the allegations. Fadnavis, however, clarified that the victim withdrew her complaint the next day saying it was filed owing to misunderstanding. \r\nA minister of the Devendra Fadnavis-led BJP government has been accused of rape. Senior NCP leader Ajit Pawar demanded a probe into the allegations made by a woman from Sangli district against the minister, who is not from BJP, but from one of the party?s smaller allies. In the state assembly, Pawar claimed he had a CD to prove the allegations.  The Opposition staged a walkout from the lower house, even after Speaker Haribhau Bagade ordered a probe into the allegations.Meanwhile, Fadnavis clarified that the victim withdrew her complaint the very next day saying it was filed owing to a misunderstanding. ?In her video statement before the police, she said the complaint filed a day before was out of misunderstanding. She had a dispute with a person named Prashant Jadhav and was under the impression that the minister was helping Jadhav against her. After realising that it was not so, she withdrew the complaint and has now nothing against the minister,? Fadnavis said.Hours after CM?s clarification, a video clip surfaced on social media showing a woman alleging harassment by the minister.In the unverified video, a woman with her face half covered says, ?I have been harassed and was forced to withdraw the complaint. Whatever I gave in writing was due to tremendous pressure. I would have been murdered if I had not withdrawn the complaint.? She further claimed of getting threats.However, there is no clarity on when the video was shot, and if it is the woman Pawar mentioned. Refuting the allegations the accused minister said, ?She is a journalist and I have met her only at press meets. Probe is going on and I am sure truth will prevail,? he said.Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil, leader of opposition in the assembly demanded minister?s resignation. ?Considering the gravity of the case, the minister should resign from his post immediately,? Patil told HT..\r\nA 40-year-old woman was stabbed outside the Thyagaraj Stadium in south Delhi on Monday evening in front of her four-year-old son while she was returning home from a weekly market. The attacker, who is reportedly in his mid thirties, managed to flee the spot leaving behind the kitchen knife used in the murder. \r\nA 40-year-old woman was stabbed outside the Thyagraj Stadium in south Delhi on Monday evening even as her four-year-old son watched.Santoshi, a resident of the nearby Prem Nagar Colony, was returning home with her son from a weekly market near the stadium when the incident took place. Eyewitnesses told police that a man, seemingly in his mid thirties jumped from behind and stabbed the woman multiple times. The spot outside Thyagraj Stadium where a woman was stabbed to death. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Picture: Sourced)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tSantoshi cried for help, alerting three security guards at the stadium. Her attacker, however, fled the spot leaving behind the kitchen knife used in the murder. A police team reached the spot and rushed her to the Trauma Centre where Santoshi was declared dead. Doctors told police that she had been stabbed at least five times. Santoshi, a mother of five was separated from her husband. Her husband, police said lives in Rajasthan. Investigating officials said a CCTV camera at the stadium has recorded the stabbing. The incident took place at around 8pm. Police sources said they have identified a suspect. They are exploring the angle of money dispute and spurned love.Additional deputy commissioner of police south Chinmoy Biswal said police have registered a case and are working to arrest the murderer. \r\nTalking about Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav on Tuesday said, "He is one big 'palturam' (turncoat) whose true colours will soon show." He added, "Yesterday when he accused me and my family; I knew it was coming. As he's not a man of his words. He has also forgotten the day when I made him rule."\r\nA day after Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar accused long-time ally Lalu Prasad of being smothered in corruption, the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) chief hit back on Tuesday, asserting that his ?friend-turned-foe? was a ?turncoat? and he (Nitish Kumar) is known for his dubious character.Speaking at a press conference in Patna, Lalu Prasad said, ?I know Nitish Kumar from the beginning as I?m senior to him. He is one big ?palturam? (turncoat) whose true colours will soon show. From the very beginning, he is known for his dubious character. Nitish has forgotten the days when he used to take my blessing and go for any political debate or talks?.Further lashing out at Nitish Kumar, Lalu Prasad said that only because of Mulayam Singh, he allowed the chief minister in his alliance.?Yesterday (Monday) when he accused me and my family; I knew it was coming. As he is not a man of his words. He has also forgotten the day when I made him rule the state and join my alliance with open arms. It was only because of Mulayam Singh that I agreed to accept him in my party. But today I regret of the time spent and the moment lost,? he said.Taking a jibe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Lalu Prasad said Nitish Kumar used to speak ill of the BJP and today, he is singing the party?s glory.?Till yesterday, Nitish was accusing Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Now suddenly he is singing his praises and calling him the biggest leader in the country. This comes as a shock to me! He also added that there is no one who can defeat him. I know Nitish?s intentions as he wants to sacrifice my children for his glory and name,? Lalu Prasad added.On Monday, Nitish Kumar, while addressing his first press conference after joining hands with the BJP, declared that no one is capable to face and beat Prime Minister Modi in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections.He praised Modi, calling him the ?biggest leader? in the country and added that ?there is no one who can defeat him?.Nitish Kumar also explained that he had given his long time friend Lalu Prasad ample opportunities to explain the charges of corruption against him, but to no avail.If Lalu Prasad had explained himself over the corruption allegations, then the situation could have been different in Bihar, Nitish Kumar said.?I had asked Lalu to clarify the allegations of corruption against him and put the facts forward. It will send a positive impact on the public and which is also good for the mahagathbandhan. I have tolerated everything, thought this happens in alliance as I didn?t have a choice. I continued my work for the betterment of people,? he added.Meanwhile, Lalu Prasad has invited Janata Dal (United) leader Sharad Yadav to lead the fight against the BJP and Nitish Kumar, who, according to him, joined hands with ?communal and fascist forces and betrayed the people?s mandate?.?Nitish has tarnished the image of Ambedkar. I urge Sharad Yadav, whom we consider the true leader, to travel to every corner of the country and come to Bihar and join our fight against the BJP and Nitish Kumar,? Lalu Prasad told ANI.On July 26, Nitish Kumar resigned as the chief minister and ended the two-year alliance with the RJD and the Congress over corruption charges against his deputy and Lalu Prasad?s son Tejashwi Yadav.\r\nTwo Chinese nationals were arrested on Monday at the Mumbai airport after they stole a diamond worth ?34 lakh by swapping it with a fake at a Mumbai exhibition. The 5.4-carat diamond was recovered from a bottle of shampoo. Security officials interrogated the Chinese nationals and found the diamond after they were located at the airport using their passport information.\r\nTwo Chinese nationals, on Monday, managed to replace a piece of diamond jewellery with a fake one at Mumbai?s India International Jewellery Show. However, swift action by Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) led to their arrest at Mumbai airport.The diamond, worth Rs34 lakh, was recovered from a bottle of shampoo.The CISF later also provided security at the India International Jewellery Show (IIJS)-2017, which was being held at Bombay Exhibition Center, Goregaon. ?On July 31, at 3:45 pm, Gem Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) informed us that two Chinese nationals, while trying to strike a deal, cleverly switched and replaced a diamond piece weighing 5.4 carats, approximately costing Rs34 lakhs, with a fake piece,? said a CISF official.As soon as the information was received, a combined team of CISF personnel and council members spread out in the hall to locate the Chinese nationals and prevent them from exiting the venue. Meanwhile, their photographs were also taken from the council registration office and provided at all the gates. Subsequently, their movements were traced through CCTV footage, wherein it was revealed that the two Chinese nationals had already left the show. ?Once it was established that they had left, their passport details, registration details and photographs were taken from the council and sent to the Foreigner Regional Registration Office (FRRO) Mumbai and CISF?s airport incharge,? the official added.On the basis of the information, the immigration officials were able to detect the two Chinese nationals who were to  board Air India flight AI 314 from Mumbai to Osaka via Delhi-Hongkong scheduled to depart at 7:45 pm. ?It was found that there were not carrying any check in luggage and only two small-shaving kit sized bags were in their possession. The individuals had also changed their clothes from what they were wearing at the exhibition,? the officer said.Because the size of the diamond was small, the X-ray machine could not detect it and therefore, they were then interrogated with the help of a Chinese interpreter, after being off-loaded from the plane.During interrogation, they revealed that the diamond was concealed in a small shampoo bottle, which was subsequently recovered.\r\nA ticket examiner was allegedly stabbed on Sunday by one of the three passengers when he asked them to deboard a train for traveling without tickets in Delhi. The victim said that the accused had boarded a reserved coach and stabbed his arm with a sharp-edged weapon when he tried to be stern in asking them to deboard.\r\nA train ticket examiner (TTE) was allegedly stabbed by three unidentified men who were asked to deboard the train as they were travelling without tickets in the reserved compartment. The incident took place on a train that was moving from the New Delhi railway station late Sunday night.The injured TTE was rushed to a private hospital in Ghaziabad after the government railway police (GRP) stopped the train at Ghaziabad junction.Diwakar Boro, the TTE who is based in Guwahati, was examining tickets onboard the Poorvottar Sampark Kranti Express, which had left the New Delhi railway station around 11.45pm for Guwahati on Sunday. The victim was allegedly stabbed by one of the three young men, who then jumped out of the moving train.?I asked the three men to deboard the train as they did not have tickets. They had boarded a reserved coach of the train. Instead, they asked me not to bother and also hurled abuses when I tried to be stern in asking them to deboard. They looked like locals and were aged 18-22 years. However, one of them hit me with a sharp-edged weapon,? Boro said.?Initially, I did not realise that I was injured. But when I saw blood, I realised that it was a deep cut on my arm. Other passengers later pulled the chain and informed a guard. The guard alerted the authorities and the train was stopped at Ghaziabad. The GRP officials and doctors were ready with an ambulance and I was rushed to the hospital,? he said.The GRP officials at Ghaziabad said that the victim suffered injuries on his arms.?We asked him to lodge a complaint but he said that as the incident took place in New Delhi, he will lodge a complaint there. We are taking proper care and have also informed our Delhi counterparts,? said Randhir Singh, circle officer (GRP), Ghaziabad.The victim said that officers from GRP and the railway protection force of New Delhi came to Ghaziabad and registered his complaint.This is the second case of violence in moving train in the recent past. In a previous incident, on the night of July 26, 13 passengers of Farakka Express were allegedly robbed by five armed robbers when the train had stopped for a brief period near Seelampur in Delhi. The train was also stopped at Ghaziabad and the GRP registered the initial complaint from the passengers.\r\nNearly 500 protestors pelted stones at the police outside Ghaziabad's Ala Hazrat Haj House and demanded that the facility be opened to pilgrims immediately. The Haj House, which is located along the Hindon river, has remained sealed since its inauguration last year after a petition was filed against it at the National Green Tribunal.\r\nPolice resorted to lathicharge as nearly 500 protesters, gathered at the newly constructed Haj House in Ghaziabad, turned violent and pelted stones at the cops.   The protesters, led by members of the district Congress committee, on Monday gathered outside the Ala Hazrat Haj House in the city and demanded opening it for Haj pilgrims immediately. The facility was inaugurated by former chief minister Akhilesh Yadav last September but has remained locked ever since.Members of the Muslim community also offered namaz outside the locked facility and demanded its proper utilisation as the annual Haj pilgrimage nears.Police said there were around 400 to 500 protestors at the gate who, around 9:30pm, started pelting stones at police personnel deployed in view of the agitation. The protesters also blocked traffic on GT Road, resulting in heavy snarls from?Mohan Nagar to Ghaziabad city. Police have picked up ?four to five persons who were the brain behind the entire protest?. Heavy contingent of police and PCR vans were deployed at the site and also in the sensitive areas of Ghaziabad city.?We demand that the Haj House be opened immediately as it has been locked by the district administration. The Haj House was developed to facilitate the pilgrims. The facility is fully developed, but no one can use it and the pilgrims have to go to Delhi to move ahead for their pilgrimage,? said Naseem Khan, district president of minority cell, Ghaziabad.?It is sheer negligence that Haj pilgrims cannot use a facility developed for their use. We feel that the present government is biased and is acting against the sentiments of the community. We will stay here till the Haj House is opened for the pilgrims,? said Puja Chadda, a local Congress member.Following the demonstration, the city police posted a contingent at the site.?Our personnel are posted at the spot, keeping a close watch over the developments. We told the protesters that the facility has not been locked by the district administration and they have no role in opening or closing it,? said Akash Tomar, superintendent of police (city).An appeal against the 4.3-acre complex, built along the river Hindon, is pending with the National Green Tribunal (NGT). The petitioners, all Ghaziabad residents, had contended that the Haj House had come up on river land and should be demolished.The tribunal had on September 2, 2016 said in its order, ?We make it clear that any steps or construction taken in the meanwhile shall be subject to the orders of the Tribunal passed in this Application (sic).?Earlier, on July 27, HT had published a report on the facility lying non-functional. In the report, UP minister of state for Waqf, Mohsin Raza, had said that the decision was taken by the previous state government and the present government has maintained the status quo.?The decision was already made by the previous government as the matter was with the NGT even before the present government assumed office. The decision was taken to protect the environment and the river?s ecology. If thousands of pilgrims arrive here it is bound to create garbage issues for the river zone. So, the closure was an earlier decision taken up to avoid contempt of court,? Raza had said.\r\nCanada is investigating reports that Saudi Arabia has been using Canadian-made armoured vehicles against its citizens in the violence-hit Eastern Province. Videos and photos posted on social media show Saudi Arabia using Canadian equipment on Shia dissidents. Canada warned it would take action if "it is found that Canadian exports have been used to commit serious violations of human rights".\r\nThe Canadian government is investigating reports that Saudi Arabia is using armoured vehicles made in Canada against its own civilians ? allegations that have prompted renewed scrutiny over Ottawa?s recent decision to sign off on a billion-dollar arms deal with the kingdom.Videos and photos posted on social media in recent days allegedly show Riyadh using Canadian equipment in a violent crackdown on minority Shia dissidents in eastern Saudi Arabia. Last week at least five people were killed as security forces flushed out suspected militants in the town of Awamiya. Several sources told the Canadian newspaper the Globe and Mail that the vehicles being used appeared to be Gurkha RPVs made in Ontario by Terradyne Armoured Vehicles. Canadian officials said they were deeply concerned by the reports. ?We are looking at these claims very seriously ? and have immediately launched a review,? Justin Trudeau told reporters. In 2016, Saudi Arabia ranked among the largest importers of Canada-made military goods, purchasing more than C$142m worth of goods ? nearly 20% of all Canadian military exports that year.The ministry of global affairs said it was concerned over the escalating violence in eastern Saudi Arabia. In a statement issued last week, it highlighted the causalities among civilians and security forces and urged Riyadh to confront its security challenges in ?a manner that abides by international human rights law?.Days later, the ministry said the government was actively seeking more information about the reports of civilian casualties and claims that Canadian-made vehicles were involved. ?If it is found that Canadian exports have been used to commit serious violations of human rights, the minister will take action,? a spokesperson for department told the Guardian. He did not answer questions around what kinds of actions this could entail. Terradyne Armoured Vehicles did not respond to a request for comment. The allegations have prompted renewed calls for Trudeau?s Liberal government to scrap a recent decision to push forward with a 15-year contract to supply Saudi Arabia with weaponised armoured vehicles made by General Dynamics, another Ontario-based company. Critics say the C$15bn deal, struck in 2014 by the previous conservative government, could see the vehicles ? which are equipped with machine guns ? used by the Saudis to crush dissent at home. Others have pointed to Canadian rules that restrict arms exports to countries with poor human rights records and prohibit exports if there is a possibility that the buyer could use the arms against its own population. Despite these concerns, Trudeau?s Liberal government signed off on the export permits in 2016. Trudeau has since defended the decision, arguing that Canada would be seen as a ?banana republic? if it scrapped the deal. ?People have to know that when you sign a deal with Canada, a change in governments won?t immediately scrap the jobs and benefits coming from it,? the prime minister told the Toronto Star last year. The deal would reportedly create around 3,000 jobs in Canada. Amid escalating concerns over human rights, countries such as Germany and Belgium have in recent years denied export applications for arms headed to Saudi Arabia. In 2015, Sweden cancelled a longstanding defence agreement with the Saudis, citing similar concerns. This month, a high court in London ruled that the UK could proceed with arms sales to Saudi Arabia. ?Saudi Arabia has been, and remains, genuinely committed to compliance with International Humanitarian Law; and there was no ?real risk? that there might be ?serious violations? of International Humanitarian Law (in its various manifestations) such that UK arm sales to Saudi Arabia should be suspended or cancelled,? the court said. Campaigners called the ruling a ?green light? for the UK to sell arms to ?brutal dictatorships and human rights abusers?.In Canada, Amnesty International pointed to the indications that Canadian vehicles are being used against civilians to call on the Liberal government to reverse its support of the billion-dollar arms deal.?Mounting tensions and conflict in eastern Saudi Arabia, about which the Canadian government has rightly expressed public concern, further indicate how fraught it is for Canada to have authorised the sale of light armoured vehicles to Saudi Arabia at this time,? secretary-general Alex Neve said in a statement. \r\nActress Taapsee Pannu, who turned 30 on Tuesday, has said she doesn't like typical off-the-shelf gifts and instead likes something customised on her birthday. She added, "Every year, I like that pressure that my friends and family have to bring their creative side out and think of a gift." Taapsee is known for films like 'Pink', 'Naam Shabana', among others. \r\nBollywood actor Taapsee Pannu isn?t a heavy-on-party kind of person. Maybe that?s why, the actor, who turns 30 today, has taken a day off to be in Delhi with her family.?I?ve never liked high-octane parties for my birthdays. Usually, it?s [celebration] with friends or family, depending upon where I am. But one thing that stays constant is that it has to be a holiday. I don?t usually have working birthdays. I try to take that one day off and even if I am shooting abroad, I make sure to get that one day off. I just want to not do anything... just sit back and see what has happened in the past one year and probably look forward to setting some new goals for the next year,? says Taapsee, who just wrapped up the last shooting schedule for her upcoming film Judwaa 2, co-starring Varun Dhawan and Jacqueline Fernandez.?I have been on a pre-birthday vacation this year. It?s one of my favourite days of the year and that entire schedule was on the beach and everyone was on party mode. I had the most beautiful bringing in of my birthday with that Mauritius schedule,? says Taapsee.    Annnnndddddd it's a wrap on Project Number 22 #Judwaa2 Such a perfect schedule to end it with. See u in theatres on 29th September 2017 ? A post shared by Taapsee Pannu (@taapsee) on Jul 28, 2017 at 5:13pm PDT Asked about the most cherished birthday gift she has ever got, Tapsee says that she doesn?t like typical off-the-shelf gifts. ?I don?t really enjoy these things, as I can buy them myself. So it has to be something customised for me. Every year, I like that pressure that my friends and family have to bring their creative side out and think of a gift,? says Taapsee, adding that her mom gets really frustrated, running out of creative ideas for what more to gift her daughter.?Once, she just got a new photo album and put together selected pictures from my childhood till that birthday and gave it to me. [Also] my sister once made a really funny poem with pictures of both of us on a chart paper and gifted that to me. So this is how crazy I want my birthday gifts to be,? shares the actor.Going down memory lane, Taapsee recalls how birthdays used to be most special during her childhood. ?I would look forward to wearing that special birthday dress to school, and rack my brain thinking what special [item] I could distribute as return gift to my classmates. It would be special because you are the most important person [that day] and all your friends want to be around you all the time,? she quips.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nSeveral broadband connections of state-run MTNL were affected after a malware attack on Friday in Delhi. The attack impacted services in many households with malfunctioning of the broadband services. Users were reportedly redirected to malicious web pages with ads and pornography. State-owned telecom company BSNL was also recently hit by a malware attack that changed passwords of the modems.\r\nState run Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd (MTNL) has been hit by a malware attack in Delhi. The issue which is now under control as per the company, affected over 10,000 users and disrupted the broadband services for quite some time. " A malware attack led to reconfiguration of all modems. Approximately 10,000 consumers have been hit due to the malfunction in a Taiwanese chipset," MTNL Chairman and Managing Director PK Purwar told The HinduBusinessLine. According to the company, the situation is under control now but the source of the virus remains unidentified. Reportedly, users were being redirected to malicious and web pages with ads and pornography. Though the company took note of the issue only last Thursday, the service apparently was disrupted\xa0 for almost a week. " The modem has to be reconfigured to manage the problem," a company official told ET.\xa0 \r\nThe Allahabad High Court on Monday granted bail to two accused in the 2015 lynching of Mohammad Akhlaq in Dadri for allegedly slaughtering a cow. A local BJP leader, who is the father of one of the accused who got bail, praised the BJP for providing justice to his son. Notably, 14 people have been granted bail in the case.  \r\nVishal Rana (21) and Hari Om (26), accused in the 2015 lynching of Mohammad Ikhlaq in Bisada for allegedly slaughtering a cow, was granted bail by the Allahabad high court on Monday.Vishal?s father Sanjay Rana (47), a local BJP leader, said his son ?got justice? because Uttar Pradesh ?has a BJP government?.?Though government has no say in court?s decision, it ensured justice is done,? he said, and claimed that in the previous regime, officials were did not ensure fair investigation.Sanjay also claimed that ?the whole village, including Muslims, were happy over the bail of my son?.?I do not have any grouse against my Muslim brothers. I am annoyed over Ikhlaq?s family, who slaughtered a cow and later made my family victim for it. It was a mob that attacked the family and I have suffered for it,? he claimed.The case pertains to the September 28, 2015 lynching of 55-year-old Ikhlaq and the assault on his family in Bisada village near Noida by a mob on the allegation of slaughtering a cow and storing its meat for consumption. Following the incident, 18 people were taken into custody, of which 14 had gotten bail. One of the accused in jail, Ravin (22) died in police custody in October 2016, allegedly due to dengue, while his family had blamed it on torture in the jail.Vishal and Hari Om along with another accused had been in Luksar Jail of Greater Noida for the last 22 months. The duo, who got bail, would be released after two days due to legal formalities.The case had political repercussions as BJP leaders ? in opposition to then-CM Akhilesh?s Samajwadi Party, which was seen to be favouring Muslims ? wooed voters in from the region on the plank of getting the accused released from jail during the UP assembly elections earlier this year.Union home minister Rajnath Singh, too, had addressed a gathering in the village.Vishal?s advocate Ram Sharan Nagar said the court of Justice SK Gupta granted bail to his client on Monday.  He said the court took cognisance of the fact that it was a mob attack and the accused had been in jail for 22 months. \r\nChina is reportedly constructing a 12-km-long high-speed train tunnel through one of the portions of its iconic Great Wall to connect Beijing with Zhangjiakou city which will co-host 2022 Winter Olympics. The line is designed for trains traveling up to 350 kmph and is expected to shorten the single-journey time from more than 3 hours to approximately one hour.\r\nChina is constructing a 12-km-long high-speed train tunnel through one of the portions of its iconic Great Wall to connect Zhangjiakou city which is due to co-host 2022 winter Olympics along with Beijing.It took the Chinese engineers months to choreograph the best intersection point. In the end, the tunnel, deep below the Badaling section of the Great Wall, passed experts? appraisal, state-run People?s Daily reported.The line is designed for trains travelling up to 350km per hour, which is expected to shorten the single-journey time from more than 3 hours to approximately one hour. The line is estimated to be completed in 2019.The depth of the tunnel will range from four metres to 432 metres. Now, people are holding their breath on the completion of the tunnel while ensuring that the Great Wall is not damaged in the process, the Global Times reported.Luo Duhao, chief engineer of the Beijing-Zhangjiakou High-Speed Railway Line, being built by China Railway Number 5 Engineering Group Co said the firm will employ ?precision micro-blasting? technology, which has a velocity of 0.2 cm per second and is able to make the tremor weaker than the traditional firepower blasts that have a velocity of 5 cm per second.Luo told the Global Times that the new technology will ensure that the Great Wall will not be affected by the blasts, as they will be barely felt.?The new technology causes little damage to the geological environment, which will help protect the Great Wall,? Dai Longzhen, deputy manager of the Beijing-Zhangjiakou High-Speed Railway Line, told the Global Times.?I myself once stood on the Great Wall and I could not feel the blast at all,? Dai added.Zhang Xuehua, a blast expert at the construction site, told the People?s Daily that the construction of the tunnel has completed 4,500 blasts since early February this year.In the middle of the tunnel, workers will build a spacious and well-decorated station right under the Great Wall, with a record-breaking construction space of 36,000 square metres, the Xinhua News Agency reported.The station will be 102 metres below the surface of the Badaling Great Wall.Dai said the construction area and the depth of the station is ?record-breaking.?He said that because the station is built underground, it will cause less damage to the plantation, and it also demonstrates China?s top-notch railway construction capabilities.Originating from the Beijing Railway Station North, the Beijing-Zhangjiakou High-Speed Railway Line runs through Haidian, Changping and Yanqing districts of Beijing. The line continues northwest through Huailai and Xunhua counties in Hebei province before terminating in the city of Zhangjiakou, making for a total length of 174 km.Built from the third century BC to the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), the Great Wall stretches over 21,000 km. Over a four million tourists visit the Great Wall every year as it is the centre of China?s tourism campaign.According to official statistics, about 30% of a 6,200-km section of the wall built in the Ming Dynasty has disappeared, and less than 10% is considered well- preserved.The Great Wall has faced threats from both nature and humans. Earthquakes, rain, wind and other natural elements have left the wall with many decayed and crumbling bricks.  \r\nUS President Donald Trump personally dictated a misleading statement which his son Donald Trump Jr delivered on his meeting with a Russian lawyer during the 2016 presidential election campaign, according to a Washington Post report. In his statement, Trump Jr said he discussed the adoption of Russian children with the lawyer who had offered damaging information on Hillary Clinton.\r\nDonald Trump personally dictated the press statement issued in the name of his eldest son Donald Jr that misleadingly downplayed the significance of a 2016 meeting with a Kremlin-linked Russian lawyer, a new report alleged on Monday night.According to the Washington Post, Trump personally intervened to prevent senior White House advisers from issuing a full and truthful account of the meeting on 9 June 2016 in which Donald Trump Jr, the president?s son-in-law Jared Kushner, and then presidential campaign manager Paul Manafort came face-to-face with four Russians. One of the Russian visitors was the well-connected lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya.The report, based on multiple though largely anonymous sources that included the president?s own advisers, has the potential to cause political, and even legal, trouble for the White House because it draws Trump himself much closer into the fray over the Trump Tower meeting, which has become a lightning rod in the Russian affair.Shunning the guidance of lawyers and overturning the view apparently reached by Kushner and his team of advisers that a full and frank accounting should be made, Trump reportedly dictated a statement on board Air Force One as he was flying back to Washington from the G20 summit in Germany. As would soon become apparent, it gave a very partial and distorted account of events.In the release the 2016 meeting was presented, in Trump?s own words, as ?a short introductory meeting? dominated by discussion of the adoption of Russian children that was ?not a campaign issue at the time?.That statement was presented to the New York Times on 8 July, and duly included in the newspaper?s first account of the meeting. But within 24 hours, highly damaging revelations had emerged that made clear the meeting had been much more charged than that.On 9 July, the Times revealed that Trump Jr had been lured into talking to Veselnitskaya by the promise of negative intelligence on his father?s presidential rival, Hillary Clinton, and two days after that the email chain was published that showed the younger Trump reveling in the idea of receiving dirt on the Democratic presidential candidate, uttering the gleeful phrase: ?I love it?.The Trump Tower meeting has proved to be one of the most toxic pieces of information to emerge so far in the billowing investigation into possible ties between Trump associates and Russia in the Kremlin?s efforts to skew the presidential outcome in favor of the Republican nominee. The special counsel leading the investigation, Robert Mueller, is understood to be looking closely at the event and has reportedly asked the White House to preserve all documents relating to it.Until now, the president managed to keep some distance from the 9 June encounter, with his lawyers claiming that he knew nothing about it. But the new report that Trump personally oversaw the issuing of a misleading account of the proceedings raises questions about the president?s role in what could be conceived as a cover-up.It comes as Mueller has already expanded his inquiry to include the issue of whether Trump was engaging in a possible obstruction of justice when he fired James Comey, having tried and failed to persuade the then director of the FBI to back off investigating former national security adviser Michael Flynn?s contacts with Russian officials.A lawyer for the president issued the Washington Post with a curt statement: ?Apart from being of no consequence, the characterizations are misinformed, inaccurate, and not pertinent,? Jay Sekulow said.The new details of the president?s role in what turned out to be a major communications fiasco come on the day that his current communications chief, Anthony Scaramucci, was dismissed from the White House after barely 11 days. The blunt removal was made on the first day of the new White House chief of staff, John Kelly, who has vowed to introduce the kind of discipline that the West Wing has been sorely lacking.The day began shortly before 5.30am with Trump tweeting ?No WH chaos!? and ended with him saying: ?A great day at the White House?. But as the Washington Post?s forensic deconstruction of the framing of the Trump Tower meeting shows, the president himself has the capacity to destroy even the best-laid plans, underlining the task now facing his new chief of staff.According to the Post, senior White House officials together with the circle around Kushner and his wife, Ivanka Trump, had spent days rehearsing various ways to address the Trump Tower meeting publicly.Kushner?s team was reported to have decided that it was better to ?err on the side of transparency? because the whole truth would eventually come out.Trump, however, appeared to have seen things differently.\r\nMore than half of university students in Australia were sexually harassed at least once in 2016, according to a Human Rights Commission survey. With over 30,000 responses registered across the country, it was found that women experienced harassment and assaults at higher rates than men. The survey was conducted amid claims that universities were responding poorly to sexual assault incidents.\r\n\r\n\r\n8.11am BST\r\n08:11\r\n\r\nThat brings our coverage of the AHRC?s landmark survey to a close.Here are the report?s main points:Submissions from survivors themselves told us how:Universities have promised to implement the report?s recommendations, but given how vocal advocates have been of past ?institutional failures?, the strength of their response and the timeline of implementation will be something to keep an eye on.Updated\r\nat 8.16am BST\r\n\r\n\r\n8.00am BST\r\n08:00\r\n\r\nHere?s a final submission from someone who used to work as a residential tutor, who contacted Guardian Australia anonymously to share their story:I was working in one of the residential colleges as a member of the staff, and was supporting a student through a case of sexual assault. It was escalated to the university and an internal investigation was conducted (I was not involved in the investigation, but sat in during the interviews). Basically, it was a case of the student?s word against the perpetrator?s and therefore the university concluded that there was not enough evidence to take any action. Based on our experience and from the testimonies given by both sides, my colleagues at the college who were involved in supporting the student and I knew that the victim?s account is more likely to be true than not, but we could not do anything without proof. And because the report came back without any conclusive result, we could not take any official action against the perpetrator. It was frustrating and I felt that we had truly let the victim down. To make it worse, the victim and the alleged perpetrator had to remain staying in the same college till the end of the year.Updated\r\nat 8.03am BST\r\n\r\n\r\n7.54am BST\r\n07:54\r\n\r\nSome personal stories from Twitter that have been shared with my colleague Calla Wahlquist. All have been published with their permission. As undergrads, my classmates & I were harassed & stalked by the same student. He followed us & did PUA experiments on us 'for his writing'.@callapilla pic.twitter.com/7FHtaZ58fr\r\n\r\n7.45am BST\r\n07:45\r\n\r\n?The universities often actually make it worse?Here?s a video from Fair Agenda featuring speakers from End Rape on Campus, Hunting Ground Australia and student councils. They speak a bit more about how university processes let students down, either by acting too slowly or not at all. As we?ve seen in the report, there are a number of barriers that contribute to the ?damning statistic? that only 4% of students believe their universities are doing enough.Updated\r\nat 7.51am BST\r\n\r\n\r\n7.33am BST\r\n07:33\r\n\r\nHere?s some more on methodology. The End Rape On Campus ambassador, Nina Funnell, has criticised the final report for scaling back its own sample size from an earlier census-esque proposal.The original survey was planned for all 1.3 million Australian university students but was reduced and only sent to 300,000, according to Funnell. Of those 300,000, only 31,000 answered. ?Perhaps the response rate would have been higher had the AHRC not trusted universities to select when to send the survey out,? she said.?Left to their own devices many of the universities sent the survey out during student exams when students have more pressing concerns.?Updated\r\nat 7.44am BST\r\n\r\n\r\n7.22am BST\r\n07:22\r\n\r\n?In a lecture theatre of 100 students, two have been sexually assaulted.?Here?s the sex discrimination commissioner, Kate Jenkins, talking through the report?s findings this morning.She said one in five students had been sexually harassed in a university setting last year, with women twice as likely as men to be sexually harassed and three times as likely to be sexually assaulted.It?s also worth noting that Jenkin?s hypothetical lecture theatre example only counts on-campus incidents of assault. If we count all incidents, that number rises to seven students out of 100, and one in 10 for female students.Updated\r\nat 7.43am BST\r\n\r\n\r\n6.55am BST\r\n06:55\r\n\r\nToday?s report has been criticised by some advocates for implying that universities only have an obligation to deal with incidents that happen in a university setting ? either on campus or at a university event. But the co-women?s officer at the University of Sydney, Imogen Grant, told Guardian Australia today that assaults that occur outside of university grounds can still be reported to universities because they involve student perpetrators.She says we should keep in mind that student offenders can be disciplined by their university: Most incidents of assault occur around the broader university community, in share houses and at social events.But the perpetrators are still fellow students. And if the perpetrator is a fellow student, you can report that to the university and you can expect disciplinary action as well.It?s also an issue raised by End Rape On Campus ambassador Nina Funnell, who said in today?s media conference that the report?s 10-point plan had no recommendations for improving disciplinary proceedings against offenders. In response, the chair of Universities Australia, Prof Margaret Gardner, said she had ?begun a conversation? with universities about new misconduct proceedings. Here?s a submission from the report itself that claims this issue has been overlooked:A woman who was sexually assaulted on numerous occasions by her intimate partner, a fellow university student, was told the university had ?no power to do anything, because none of it occurred on-campus?.She felt that the university should have taken action, because she was aware of the perpetrator sexually assaulting at least two other women at her university. Updated\r\nat 7.06am BST\r\n\r\n\r\n6.29am BST\r\n06:29\r\n\r\nCalla WahlquistAt some point in the pub crawl, usually on the walk between pubs two and three, one of the guys at the front of the group would tip their head back and start singing: ?I wish all the women.?It?s a classic rhyming song, where the lead singer makes observations like, ?I wish all the women/were waves in the ocean/and if I was a surfer/I?d ride them with my motion,? and everybody else sings it back. By the train ride home even the most devoted singers would have run out of verses and switched to ?Beastiality is best?. The hook is everybody chanting: ?Beastiality is best, boys, beastiality is best. Fuck a wallaby!?My two years living at a residential college at an Australian university were some 10 years ago now, so I can only remember what we were supposed to do to an owl.Details about the culture of sexual harassment and prevalence sexual assault at residential colleges contained in the AHRC report were appalling, but they did not surprise me. That?s just O-week. We had a golden bed springs award. I liked living at college. I was new to the city and did not know anyone and at college I had ready-made friends, some of whom remain close friends now. It?s only later that you think about what happened and realise it?s not normal. The Eagle Rock thing? We did that. There was a weekly newsletter about who had slept with who. Everyone told rape jokes. We drank so much we couldn?t move. People who did not join in were ostracised. I remember one occasion where a woman from another hall said she had been raped from a male from our hall. The universal judgment was that she was a slut, she was just making it up. Women did that all the time, didn?t they?Updated\r\nat 6.48am BST\r\n\r\n\r\n6.23am BST\r\n06:23\r\n\r\nAs mentioned earlier today, only 9% of students who had been sexually assaulted on their campus reported the attack to their university. Here are some examples, in survivors? own words, of why they decided not to pursue the perpetrators of their assault or harassment. Multiple submissions said they were deterred by their university?s failure to provide anonymous reporting:Our cohort for our course is incredibly small. I felt too scared to report these incidents. I couldn?t have action taken against him because everyone would find out.Another student had their identity disclosed to their rapist?s friends: The university broke confidentiality by informing organisers of the camp (i.e: the rapist?s friends) what I?d done. People spread lies about me and I was ostracised from the club.Another said the university forced them into a process of face-to-face ?mediation? with their harasser:When I complained to the head of school I had a ?mediation? session with the professor who was harassing me ... he stormed out and slammed the door. He wasn?t told to change his behaviour, the ?mediation session? was all that was done.For many respondents there was always an underlying social pressure not to report, stemming from a fear of being ridiculed, ostracised or shamed for not doing enough. Said one: It was my word against his. He?s known as being a really nice friendly guy so I didn?t think a lot of people would believe me or care.Updated\r\nat 6.45am BST\r\n\r\n\r\n5.59am BST\r\n05:59\r\n\r\nCalla WahlquistI?m going to hand over the reins to my colleague Naaman Zhou, who was at the launch in Sydney today.Updated\r\nat 6.14am BST\r\n\r\n\r\n5.30am BST\r\n05:30\r\n\r\nResidential colleges at Australian universities are full of students from regional and remote areas, as well as international students, many of whom are living away from home for the first time. They?re usually co-ed.They?re also one of the highest risk places on campus for sexual assault and sexual harassment, according to the AHRC survey. Twelve per cent of women and 3% of men who were sexually assaulted at a university in 2015 and 2016 said it had occurred at a residential college.The report found that hazing practices at colleges often involved excessive alcohol consumption and humiliating or degrading acts, ?and, in many cases, sexual harassment and sexual assault?.According to one submission:The aim is to get the freshers as drunk as possible. Maybe a secondary aim is to make them look as ridiculous and embarrassing as possible, giving them costumes, props, and even sometimes smearing food all over them.Said another:You had to participate, there was nothing you could do about it. The administration knew about this and they condoned this. The students had no power whatsoever, you couldn?t say anything. Hazing practices described in the report included getting female students to ?run the gauntlet?, which meant running down a hallway where male students stood in every doorway with the nozzle of a cask of wine sticking out their fly. Female students were required to kneel before each male resident and ?drink from his sack?.Another college had a ritual where all first-year female students had to remove their top when a certain song was played. They would be surrounded by male students and unable to leave the dance floor with their top still on. Other submissions described year-round traditions that focused on residents? sexual exploits.Conquests of guys getting girls from other colleges were broadcasted weekly in this gossip session the whole college had, where you would submit your experiences to an executive, and on weeknights we would gather and hear about everyone?s conquests that week ... women were described as objects or trophies. The report also found that power relationships between resident advisers ? usually senior students ? and first-year students, as well as the close proximity created by living in residential colleges and the easy access to both alcohol and bedrooms, were contributing factors in the high rates of sexual assault. Updated\r\nat 5.52am BST\r\n\r\n\r\n5.14am BST\r\n05:14\r\n\r\nIn addition to the survey data, the report contains details from almost 2,000 written submissions, mostly from students and former students sharing their experiences of sexual assault and harassment.Some said they dropped out of university to avoid bumping into their attacker.One person wrote:I left the course and tried studying by distance education but have now been so traumatised by ?higher education? institutions that I don?t feel able to set foot into study again.Said another:He delayed my education by a year and made me afraid to go to uni and at the time I truly didn?t see how bad the impact he was having on me, not even when I dropped out.The release of the report prompted other people to share their stories. This tweet is posted with the author?s permission.The reality of sexual assault and feeling unheard/unwelcome was one of the main reasons I dropped out of my phys/chem undergraduate degree.Updated\r\nat 5.17am BST\r\n\r\nAir India's current business is "not sustainable" as it is neither able to generate enough cash flow, nor start repaying even the principal amount of its debt, the government told a Parliamentary panel. Notably, Tata Group, IndiGo, and private equity funds KKR and Warburg Pincus have expressed interest in acquiring Air India's businesses following the cabinet's approval for its disinvestment.\r\n\r\nA Gujarati chef has been arranged for over 40 Gujarat MLAs who were flown to Bengaluru on Friday night to reportedly prevent them from switching sides to the BJP. "We Gujaratis have food that is not very spicy. We like roti, dal, and kadhi, so there is a change," Gujarat Congress MLA Gyasuddin Shaikh said.\r\nGujarat Congress MLAs lodged in a Karnataka resort to deter defections from their ranks ahead of next week?s Rajya Sabha polls say the south Indian food being served to them is a big sore point amid their four-star comfort.?All the arrangements are great. But there is bound to be a difference in cuisine,? Gyasuddin Shaikh, one of the 42 legislators, told Hindustan Times on Tuesday. ?We Gujaratis have food that is not very spicy. We like roti, dal and kadhi, so there is a change,? he regretted.Reluctant to leave anything to chance before the August 8 vote which has senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel vying for one of the three Rajya Sabha seats from Gujarat, the party leadership has decided to arrange for a Gujarati chef for the legislators? culinary comfort.DK Shivakumar, the power minister in Karnataka?s Congress government, said a Gujarati chef will be made available for the MLAs soon. ?Some have even expressed the desire to cook and asked the resort for permission, which has been granted,? he added. A nostalgic Shaikh said a typical breakfast back home in Gujarat consisted of ?bhakhri? and ?thepla?. Lunch normally consisted of dal, roti and a dry vegetable dish.However, breakfast at ?Eagleton - The Golf Village?, some 40km outside the state capital Bengaluru, typically comprised idli and dosa while the menu for lunch mostly included rice or ragi balls.?In Gujarat, we are not used to consuming much rice. We prefer roti,? Shaikh explained.The Congress legislators were flown to Bengaluru late on Friday after six of their colleagues quit the party, depleting its numerical strength in the Gujarat assembly to 51.At least half-a-dozen of the remaining legislators are reportedly loyalists of Shankersinh Vaghela, a former chief minister recently expelled from the party. Patel needs the support of 45 MLAs to be re-elected and the Congress is doing everything it can to keep its flock together.On Saturday, the Congress moved the chief election commissioner, accusing the BJP government of Gujarat of using ?money, muscle power and government machinery? to engineer defections. The BJP has denied all the charges.\r\nArvind Panagariya, the Vice Chairman of policy think-tank Niti Aayog, which replaced the 65-year-old Planning Commission, announced his resignation from office on Tuesday. The economist said that he would like to resume his teaching career at Columbia University in the US. Further, August 31 will be his last day in office.\r\nIndian-American economist Arvind Panagariya is stepping down as vice chairperson of Niti Aayog, the government?s policy think tank, and returning to academics in New York?s Columbia University.The 64-year-old professor of economics was picked by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in January 2015 to head the National Institution for Transforming India, better known as Niti Aayog, which replaced the Planning Commission.?I have requested the Prime Minister to relieve me from my responsibility as my leave in Columbia University is coming to an end on September 5 and I have decided to join back,? he told reporters on Tuesday. ?The PM has agreed after listening to me.?He will serve the think tank till August-end.According to government sources, Modi wanted him to stay but relented when Panagariya told him that his wife too wants to be with their children in the US.Panagariya said he informed the Prime Minister, who is the ex-officio chairman of Niti Aayog, about his decision about two months ago after Columbia University refused to make an exemption for him and extend his two-year, public-service leave.?There is nothing unusual in this. Henry Kissinger returned to Harvard after his leave was not extended,? he added.Modi chose him to head the new think tank to decide policies for accelerating India?s growth after his government dismantled the Soviet-style Planning Commission that functioned for 64 years.Panagariya, who is standing down after two-and-a-half years in the job, said he is satisfied with the stint in which his team built the organisation?s foundation and forged ties with the Centre and states.?Many states adopted our land leasing law bill. Over 400 schools have Atal Tinkering labs and we promoted digital economy in a big way.?He is the second economist after former RBI governor Raghuram Rajan to quit a top job in India and return to academics in the US. Rajan resigned after a three-year term in 2016 to rejoin Chicago University.At US universities one can teach as long as health permits.Panagariya said: ?I would not have got a similar job. There is no retirement and one can work till his or her body and brain functions.?He holds a PhD from Princeton University and worked with the Asian Development Bank, World Bank, IMF and UNCTAD.The economist wants to write the next edition of India: The Emerging Giant, his 2008 book that describes India?s contemporary economy.Niti Aayog advised the government to sell sick public sector units, including national carrier Air India, and proposed new regulators for education and health. It also recommended minimal government intervention in agriculture and replacing the minimum support price for farmers with a deficiency payment.But the think tank had its fare share of criticism. Some of its reform-oriented proposals were not accepted, or appreciated either.The Bharatiya Kisan Sangh, a farmer union affiliated to the ruling BJP?s ideological mentor RSS, called several Niti Aayog proposals anti-farmer and anti-labour.?There is poor response (from the government) to labour and services sectors. Following the advice of Niti Aayog, the government is moving towards contractual employment, relaxing labour laws to benefit industry,? CK Shaji Narayana, the union?s president, said some time ago.The organisation?s performance has been sketchy and change incremental. So far, it has only circulated a draft of a proposed three-year Action Agenda.Panagariya said a seven-year strategy and 15-year vision for India is ?80-85%? ready.A recipient of the Padma Bhushan in 2012, India?s third highest civilian honour, he expects a successor to be named soon to complete the work.(With agency inputs)\r\nCensor Board chief Pahlaj Nihalani has ordered 48 cuts in the Nawazuddin Siddiqui starrer n upcoming action thriller film 'Babumoshai Bandookbaaz'. "We are just doing our job," Nihalani said when asked about the number of cuts that have been ordered. Directed by Kushan Nandy and also starring Bengali actress Bidita Bag, the film is scheduled to release on August 25.\r\nThe latest victim of Pahlaj Nihalani-led CBFC's (Central Board of Film Certification) draconian measures is Nawazuddin Siddiqui's upcoming film Babumoshai Bandookbaaz. Nihalani has ordered 48 cuts in the film - yes, you read that right. F-O-R-T-Y E-I-G-H-T cuts.When asked about the number of cuts that have been ordered in Babumoshai Bandookbaaz, Nihalani told India Today Television, "We are just doing our job."The blow from the censor board comes just days after news broke that Pahlaj Nihalani might have to step down as the CBFC chairman owing to the numerous controversies that his methods have landed him in. While there is no update on that front, his order of 48 cuts for Babumoshai Bandookbaaz have come as a shock to the makers of the film.Babumoshai Bandookbaaz, which stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Bidita Bag in the lead roles and is directed by Kushan Nandy, has been embroiled in controversies for quite some time now. First, Chitrangda Singh walked out of the film saying that she was uncomfortable with the numerous explicit scenes in the film.After that, the filmmakers roped in Bengali actress Bidita Bag.The casting director of Babumoshai Bandookbaaz, Sanjay Chouhan, then said in an interview how it was not possible for him to cast a 'fair and handsome actor opposite Nawazuddin Siddiqui'. Nawaz did not take the comment lying down and went on Twitter to say how he never concentrated on his looks."Thank U 4 making me realise dat I cannot b paired along wid d fair & handsome bcz I m dark & not good looking, but I never focus on that. (sic)" read Nawaz's tweet.Babumoshai Bandookbaaz is slated for a release on August 25 this year. But it remains to be seen when the CBFC finally gets around to clearing the film. Or if Babumoshai Bandookbaaz too has to knock on the Revising Committee's door to get a certificate.OPINION: Nawazuddin Siddiqui is the finest actor we have. Why the racism, Bollywood?\r\nPakistan has extended the house arrest of UN-designated terrorist and Mumbai terror attack mastermind Hafiz Saeed for another two months to maintain public order. Liberty of Saeed is a continuous threat to the peace and tranquillity in the country, Pakistani authorities said. The Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) chief has been under house arrest since January 31 this year.\r\nAuthorities in Pakistan?s Punjab province have extended the house arrest of Mumbai terror attack mastermind Hafiz Saeed for another two months to maintain public order.Saeed, the Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) chief, has been under house arrest since January 31 this year. His detention had been extended for three more months in April.On January 31, Saeed and his four close aides -  Abdullah Ubaid, Malik Zafar Iqbal, Abdul Rehman Abid and Qazi Kashif Hussain) -- were detained by the Punjab government for 90 days under the Anti-Terrorism Act 1997.This time Saeed?s house arrest has been extended under the Punjab Maintenance of Public Order.In a notification issued on July 28, the Punjab Government Home Department said on the recommendation of the federal interior ministry the detention of the activist -- Saeed -- has been extended for another 60 days. It said Saaed and others? detention expired on July 27.According to the notification, ?The Counter Terrorism Department has reported that keeping in view the expected release of said activist (Saeed) and other leaders and workers of said organisations (JuD and Falah-e-Insaniat) they have planned to spread chaos in the country. They have planned to make demonstrations under the leadership of Saeed.??He will be portrayed as a hero and his acts will be glorified. Abdul Rehman Makki who is the central leader of the JuD has been making preparations for the purpose and has launched a secret campaign to muster support of the workers,? the notification said.It said the ?liberty? of Saeed is a continuous threat to the peace and tranquillity in the country.The notification further said that the District Intelligence Committee Lahore separately noted that Saeed would create law and order situation upon his release.Additional home secretary Azam Suleman believes that the activities of Saeed are ?prejudicial to public safety and maintenance of public order?.?Thereby the Home Department in exercise of powers conferred under sub-section 1 of Section-3 of the Punjab Maintenance of Public Order Ordinance 1960 Hafiz Saeed is detained for a period of 60 days with effect from July 28, 2017.?A Lahore high court bench headed by Justice Abdul Sami Khan, which was scheduled to announce the verdict today on the detention of Saeed and four others, deferred its verdict for an indefinite period.The court had reserved the decision on June 7 after the Punjab government law officer submitted a reply and Saeed?s counsel advocate AK Dogar completed his arguments.  \r\nQatar on Monday filed a legal complaint at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) against a trade boycott by Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, and United Arab Emirates. By formally requesting consultations with the three countries, Qatar has triggered a 60-day deadline for them to settle the complaint or face litigation at the WTO and potential retaliatory trade sanctions.\r\nQatar filed a wide-ranging legal complaint at the World Trade Organization on Monday to challenge a trade boycott by Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates, the director of Qatar?s WTO office Ali Alwaleed al-Thani told Reuters.By formally ?requesting consultations? with the three countries, the first step in a trade dispute, Qatar triggered a 60 day deadline for them to settle the complaint or face litigation at the WTO and potential retaliatory trade sanctions.?We?ve given sufficient time to hear the legal explanations on how these measures are in compliance with their commitments, to no satisfactory result,? al-Thani said.?We have always called for dialogue, for negotiations, and this is part of our strategy to talk to the members concerned and to gain more information on these measures, the legality of these measures, and to find a solution to resolve the dispute.?The boycotting states cut ties with Qatar - a major global gas supplier and host to the biggest US military base in the Middle East - on June 5, accusing it of financing militant groups in Syria, and allying with Iran, their regional foe, allegations Doha denies.The boycotting countries have previously told the WTO that they would cite national security to justify their actions against Qatar, using a controversial and almost unprecedented exemption allowed under the WTO rules.They said on Sunday they were ready for talks to tackle the dispute, the worst rift between Gulf Arab states in years, if Doha showed willingness to deal with their demands.The text of Qatar?s WTO complaint cites ?coercive attempts at economic isolation? and spells out how they are impeding Qatar?s rights in the trade in goods, trade in services and intellectual property.The complaints against Saudi Arabia and the UAE run to eight pages each, while the document on Bahrain is six pages.There was no immediate reaction from the three to Qatar?s complaint, which is likely to be circulated at the WTO later this week.?REMAIN HOPEFUL?The disputed trade restrictions include bans on trade through Qatar?s ports and travel by Qatari citizens, blockages of Qatari digital services and websites, closure of maritime borders and prohibition of flights operated by Qatari aircraft.The complaint does not put a value on the trade boycott, and al-Thani declined to estimate how much Qatar could seek in sanctions if the litigation ever reached that stage, which can take 2-5 years or longer in the WTO system.?We remain hopeful that the consultations could bear fruit in resolving this,? he said.The WTO suit does not include Egypt, the fourth country involved in the boycott. Although it has also cut travel and diplomatic ties with Qatar, Egypt did not expel Qatari citizens or ask Egyptians to leave Qatar.Al-Thani declined to explain why Egypt was not included.?Obviously all options are available. But we have not raised a consultation request with Egypt yet,? he said.In its WTO case, Qatar would also draw attention to the impact the boycott was having on other WTO members, he added.Many trade diplomats say that using national security as a defence risks weakening the WTO by removing a taboo that could enable countries to escape international trade obligations.Al-Thani said governments had wide discretion to invoke the national security defence but it had to be subject to oversight.?If it is self-regulating, that is a danger to the entire multilateral trading system itself. And we believe the WTO will take that into consideration.?Qatar also raised the boycott at a meeting of the United Nations? International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) on Monday, al-Thani said.In comments to Qatar-based Al Jazeera television later on Monday, Qatar?s transport and information minister said the boycotting countries had discriminated against Doha in violation of an international agreement guaranteeing overflights.?These countries have used this right arbitrarily and imposed it on aircraft registered only in the State of Qatar,? Jassim bin Saif al-Sulaiti said.Qatar in June asked Montreal-based ICAO to resolve the conflict, using a dispute resolution mechanism in the Chicago Convention, a 1944 treaty that created the agency and set basic rules for international aviation.Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain said on Sunday they would allow Qatari planes to use air corridors in emergencies. \r\nTata Motors CEO Guenter Butschek took home over ?22.55 crore last fiscal, while other key officials saw their remunerations cut amid mounting losses. Executive Director Satish Borwankar, who has taken over as COO, saw a cut of 12% to ?2.14 crore. However, most independent directors, except Nusli Wadia, who was removed from the board last year, saw their remunerations grow.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 31 (PTI) Tata Motors CEO and Managing Director Guenter Butschek took home over Rs 22.55-crore salary last fiscal, while other key officials saw their remunerations cut in a year when the company was saddled with losses. However, most of the independent directors of the company except Nusli Wadia, who was removed from the board in December last year, saw their remunerations grow in high double digits, as per the companys Annual Report for 2016-17. Ravi Pisharody, erstwhile Executive Director and former head of the companys commercial vehicles (CV) business unit who had quit the company last month, saw his salary drop by 17 per cent to Rs 2.3 crore in the last fiscal. Likewise, Executive Director Satish Borwankar, who has taken over as chief operating officer, drew a remuneration of Rs 2.14 crore last fiscal, a cut of 12 per cent. Tata Motors Chief Financial Officer C Ramakrishnan also saw his salary trimmed by 2 per cent during the year to Rs 4.1 crore. Similarly, Company Secretary Hoshang Sethnas salary was reduced by 6 per cent to Rs 1.22 crore in the year. As for Butschek, the report said he "joined on February 15, 2016 hence percentage increase in the remuneration is not comparable". He was paid Rs 22.55 crore last fiscal. Independent Director R A Mashelkars remuneration was at Rs 1.56 crore, up 47 per cent, while that of N Munjee was at Rs 1.44 crore, an increase of 27 per cent. \r\nUnion Minister Ramdas Athawale has said that there was nothing wrong if one didn?t recite the national song ?Vande Mataram.? Athawale added that the issue of the national song was being brought out to cause feud among communities. The Madras High Court recently made singing ?Vande Mataram? compulsory once a week in government schools, colleges and universities in Tamil Nadu.\r\nUnion minister Ramdas Athawale has said there was nothing wrong if one didn?t recite the national song ?Vande Mataram.?Athawale, the leader of Republican Party of India (A), said the issue of the national song was being brought out deliberately to cause feud among communities.?Everybody should recite Vande Mataram, but if it is not recited what will go wrong?? he asked, while addressing the Maharashtra Gramin Patrakar Sangh?s 11th anniversary at Kalyan near Thane on Monday.?If one does not recite Vande Mataram nothing is wrong in that,? said the minister of state for social justice and empowerment.The Madras high court recently made singing ?Vande Mataram? compulsory in all government schools, colleges and universities in Tamil Nadu at least once a week.A BJP MLA in Maharashtra recently demanded the implementation of the ruling in schools and colleges of the state, sparking a political slugfest with legislators of some other parties opposing any such move.\r\nGhaziabad police on Monday arrested a man in possession of arms that he was to allegedly deliver to an unidentified buyer on the same day. Police have recovered 31 countrymade weapons and 16 live cartridges that were allegedly manufactured at an illegal arms factory. He has also been to jail earlier in connection with manufacturing and supplying arms, police said.\r\nThe Ghaziabad police on Monday arrested an alleged arms supplier from Muzaffarnagar who had come to Sahibabad to allegedly deliver a cache of newly developed arms and live cartridges to an unidentified contact.The police said they recovered 31 countrymade weapons and 16 live cartridges that were to be delivered to the buyer on Monday.A team from the Sihani Gate police station nabbed Mohammad Ilyas, the accused, from the crossing at the Karhera exit early Monday morning. The police said that Ilyas is a resident of Muzaffarnagar, where he owns and runs a grocery shop that he also uses as a front to sell arms to ?regular customers?.?The accused brought the weapons and cartridges, which we found were manufactured at an illegal arms factory owned by one Mobin, who is also a co-accused in the case. Mobin had told Ilyas to deliver the arms to a contact in Ghaziabad and was to give him the identity of the contact once he reached Ghaziabad,? Manish Mishra, the assistant superintendent of police, said.However, before Mobin could give him the information, the police nabbed Ilyas along with the cache of illegal weapons. Officers said that the bigger weapons are generally sold for Rs20,000 apiece while the smaller ones, shaped like pistols, are sold for Rs10,000 each. Sources said that illegal countrymade pistols are generally manufactured from spare parts of trucks, especially, the lower end of the steering gear, which are shaped into barrels as they are strong and can withstand the firepower. The illegal weapons are then shaped by the manufacturers with the help of heat generated in a furnace.There have been several instances wherein the police have nabbed arms suppliers in Ghaziabad.In April, the police arrested a man who was carrying 12 pistols and 11 magazines, and had come to Ghaziabad from Muzaffarnagar to deliver weapons.In January, the Ghaziabad police arrested two persons from Shatabdipuram and recovered three illegal pistols and 600 semi-built magazines (used to store cartridges in weapons) from their possession.?Ilyas has also been to jail earlier in connection with supplying and manufacturing arms. We suspect that the accused was on his way to meet Mobin in Pasonda and the purchaser was to be identified later on. Our teams have launched a search for Mobin, who is presently absconding,? Mishra said.\r\nThe Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed to hear a plea seeking cancellation of Bihar CM Nitish Kumar's state Legislative Council membership for allegedly hiding a pending criminal case against him. According to the plea, Kumar was accused of killing a Congress leader in 1991. The petitioner also sought a direction to the CBI to register an FIR against Kumar.\r\nThe Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed to hear a plea seeking cancellation of Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar?s membership of the state Legislative Council for allegedly concealing a pending criminal case against him.A bench of Justices Justice Dipak Misra, Amitava Roy and AM Khanwilkar said it will look into the matter after petitioner advocate ML Sharma sought an urgent hearing of his plea.The bench said it would see when the matter could be listed for hearing.The plea, which was filed on?Monday, alleged that there was a criminal case against the JD(U) leader wherein he was accused of killing a local Congress leader Sitaram Singh, and injuring four others ahead of Lok Sabha by-election to the Barh constituency in 1991.The petitioner has also sought a direction to the CBI to register an FIR against Kumar in the case.?Respondent number 2 (Election Commission), despite knowing facts about his (Kumar?s) criminal case, did not cancel his membership of the house and respondent (Kumar) still enjoys constitutional office till date,? he said.The lawyer has sought cancellation of Kumar?s membership as per the Election Commission?s 2002 order stating it is mandatory for candidates to disclose criminal cases against them in their affidavits annexed to nomination papers.He claimed the Bihar chief minister did not disclose the criminal case that was pending against him in affidavits since 2004, except for 2012. \r\nThe Karnataka High Court barred a debt-ridden businessman from going abroad, citing Vijay Mallya's case. The man, Nitin Shambhu Kumar Kasliwal, owes ?6,494 crore to banks including Punjab National Bank, Central Bank, and UCO Bank, among others. The prosecution expressed that it fears if he is allowed to go abroad, the banks might not be able to recover their money.\r\nVijay Mallya's financial fraud and eventual escape from the law enforcement has invariably become a lesson for many. Investors, today, will think thoroughly before investing their money as the courts have now taken cognizance of the gravity of such crimes and have began taking stern decisions to avoid similar frauds.The Karnataka High Court today refused to give the passport of the promoters of S Kumar's a company owned by Nitin Shambhu Kumar Kasliwal. Promoter Kasliwal had borrowed an amount close to Rs 6,500 crore from various banks.The banks that have sought recovery from Kasliwal include Punjab National Bank, UCO Bank, Union Bank of India, Central Bank, Jammu Kashmir Bank, Indian Bank and IDBI Bank.Kasliwal appealed before the court to travel abroad, however, it seems the Mallya incident have influenced the decision making of the court which refused to handover the passport.Kasliwal was declared a wilful defaulter by UCO bank and in December 2016, the Debts Recovery Tribunal had seized his passport after the notification.The fear expressed by the prosecution was that of they let him to travel abroad, Kasliwal may escape like Mallya did and they will not be able to recover their debts.According to the advocate representing the banks, Kasliwal owes Rs 6,494 crore as in July 2015.NO RIGHT TO IMPOUND KASLIWALKasliwal's advocate argued in court saying that the DRT had no right to impound the passport and that Kasliwal was allowed to travel abroad earlier too. The advocate added that the DRT and their client had complied with all the conditions imposed on him.S Kumar's has been a big clothing brand whose fabric was being produced in factories located in Mysuru in Karnataka and Dewas in Madhya Pradesh. The company ran into losses during the economic slowdown and the banks took the legal route to recover the debts that Kasliwal owed.S Kumar's had introduced the famous Scottish fabric brand Reid and Taylor in India of which Amitabh Bachchan was the brand ambassador. The courts have now ruled that Nitin Shambhu Kumar Kasliwal will have to stay in India till he repays the debt.Also Read:ED hopeful of favourable order in Vijay Mallya extradition case by mid-December\r\nThe Bombay High Court on Monday summoned the Maharashtra Women and Child Development Secretary after 42 children went missing over the last three years from a Mumbai remand home. The court criticised the Maharashtra government for lack of 'pro-active action' in the matter. The Bombay High Court is hearing a PIL on the allegations of corruption in the remand home.\r\nDays after Maharashtra Women and Child Development Minister Pankaja Munde told the state Assembly that 42 children went missin in the last three years from a remand home in Mumbai, the Bombay High Court today summoned department's secretary to appear in person.The high court today came down heavily on the Maharashtra government after an affidavit was filed by Women and Child Development Secretary Vineeta Singhal in a case of corruption in the Dongri Children's Home of Mumbai. The affidavit does not mention anything about the action that the government has taken against accused persons in the Dongri Children's Home case. The high court has directed Vineeta Singhal to appear in person next week to explain government's stand in the case.A sting operation had shown corruption in the Mumbai Children's Home. The division bench of justice R M Savant and Justice Sadhna Jadhav noted that "from reading the affidavit, we gather that it has only been filed to comply with our orders. We expected some pro-active action from state government."PIL AND THE CASE A letter had been sent by a former chief justice of Kolkata High Court who had spoken about the disturbing sting after which it was converted into a petition by the Bombay High Court. The bench had sent a notice to the government, which filed its response today.As many as 42 juveniles had fled the Dongri remand home located in the city in the last three years. The matter was raised in the Maharashtra Assembly. There were also reports that juveniles were being kept in the children's home in violation of norms.In a written response to a question by Pravin Darekar (BJP), Pankaja Munde said that from 2014-15 to 2016-17, 42 children had fled the Dongri remand home. Out of those, 16 were traced and brought back and one security official was suspended.GOVERNMENT'S REPLY IN COURTThe Bombay High Court sought to know if any action had been taken by the state government against those who were shown indulging in malpractice. The affidavit only mentioned that a show cause notice was sent to one person while the guard of the children's home was suspended. When public prosecutor Arajakta Shinde told the court that an inquiry was going on, Justice Savant asked, "What kind of inquiry happens we all know. Assurance is not going to help."Justice Jadhav said, "We are not satisfied with the manner in which this affidavit has been filed. We expect some seriousness. Therefore, we directed the secretary to file the affidavit." The bench was furious with the government's response. The court said that it was not a matter of only suspicion as a CD of the corruption and other materials had already come out in public domain. A process of cleansing should have started by now, the bench said.The Bombay High Court directed the Women and Child Development Secretary to be appear in person before the court in the next hearing next week.ALSO READ | Mumbai teen kills self, could be first Indian case of Blue Whale suicide challenge \r\nUnion Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari has demanded that Maharashtra government provide special facilities to the persons detained during the Emergency under the Maintenance of Internal Security Act (MISA). MISA detainees have demanded to be treated as freedom fighters saying that detainees in UP, MP, Bihar and Chhattisgarh are considered at par with the freedom fighters and are given pensions.\r\nUnion minister for transport and shipping Nitin Gadkari has demanded that the Maharashtra government provide special facilities to those detained during the Emergency under the Maintenance of Internal Security Act (MISA). The MISA detainees on?Sunday held a convention under the banner of Satyagrahi Sangh in Nagpur after meeting Gadkari at his Mahal residence. The group, led by the Sangh?s vice-president Sacchidanand Upasane, national secretary Komal Chheda and Maharashtra unit chief Jayprakash Pande insisted that the detainees be treated as freedom fighters and be given all facilities available to a freedom fighter in the country. Incidentally, most of the MISA detainees are RSS activists or its supporters.The group submitted a memorandum to Gadkari, briefing him about the facilities and recognition extended to detainees in states like UP, MP, Bihar and Chhattisgarh. They claimed that in these states, the detainees are considered at par with the freedom fighters and given pensions and other facilities. The government in Rajasthan recently formed a committee to study facilities available to MISA and Defence of India Rules 1971 detainees in other states. The committee will its report to the state soon, they claimed. The group also pointed out that in Madhya Pradesh, MISA detainees, dubbed as ?Democracy Warrior? draw a monthly honorarium of Rs 25,000. Gadkari told the group he had already spoken to chief minister Devendra Fadnavis and the state finance minister, Sudhir Munganttiwar, in this regard. ?Both were positive on the issue.? The Congress, meanwhile, has accused the BJP-led government of trying to give such facilities to its Sangh Parivar members. ?The move is totally a political one,? says former Union minister Vilas Muttemwar. Muttemwar warned his party would launch a statewide agitation if government accepted the group?s demand.?How can these Sangh Parivar members be compared with freedom fighters??\r\nDelhi police on Monday said that it has banned the flying of aerial vehicles till Independence Day owing to terror threat. The banned aerial vehicles include drones, paragliders, quadcopters, hang-gliders, hot-air balloons, and UAVs among others. "Certain criminal/anti-social elements or terrorists... may pose a threat to safety...by the use of sub-conventional aerial platforms", police said.\r\nFlying of aerial vehicles like quadcopters, paragliders, and hot-air balloons in Delhi has been banned till the Independence Day celebrations on August 15 due to the terror threat, Delhi Police said on Monday. ?... certain criminal/anti-social elements or terrorists... may pose a threat to the safety of the general public, dignitaries, and vital installations by the use of sub-conventional aerial platforms,? a police statement said. The list of aerial platforms banned also includes para-motors, hang-gliders, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, Unmanned Aircraft Systems, microlight aircraft, remotely-piloted and small-powered aircraft, apart from parajumping from aircraft.\r\nHollywood actor Ryan Reynolds took to social media to share the first look of actress Zazie Beetz from the upcoming superhero film 'Deadpool 2'. "Some people just know how to work a red carpet," wrote Ryan. Zazie will portray the superhero character 'Domino' in the film. Directed by David Leitch, 'Deadpool 2' is scheduled to release on June 1, 2018.\r\nHollywood actor Ryan Reynolds seems to know exactly what Deadpool fans want to see. The 40-year-old actor took to Twitter and shared the first image of actress Zazie Beetz as Domino.With his usual quirky style, he captioned the snap, ?Some people just know how to work a red carpet.? In the photo, Domino is seen lounging in front of a fireplace atop of Deadpool, who has been flattened out into a rug.Some people just know how to work a red carpet. #Domino #DeadPool2 pic.twitter.com/llCc8JfKT6? Ryan Reynolds (@VancityReynolds) July 31, 2017The snap is a callback to one of the first photos of Reynolds as Deadpool, the one where he was lying on a rug in front of a huge fireplace.The real name of the character is Neena Thurman and like her mutant name might suggest, she has the ability to alter her luck in situations through telekinetic acts.Reynolds has not been shy about sharing photos from the set of the highly-anticipated sequel, which will also star Josh Brolin as Cable. In June, Reynolds posted a photograph posing in front of the X-Mansion in costume, and two weeks ago, he confirmed Leslie Uggams? return as Blind Al in another photo.Similarly, Brolin has also documented his transformation into the psychic mercenary on social media, too.Helmed by David Leitch, Deadpool 2 also stars Morena Baccarin, T.J. Miller, Julian Dennison and Jack Kesy in pivotal roles. The flick is slated to hit theaters on June 1, 2018. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nPolice have arrested five men for stealing nearly ?3.8 crore-worth iPhones from a moving delivery truck in the Netherlands. The men drove close to the back of the truck and one of the suspects climbed onto it to break in through the doors while it was being driven. He then passed the iPhones from the truck to other suspects.\r\nDutch police have arrested five men suspected of stealing ?500,000 (\xa3448,000) of iPhones in a dangerous late-night heist from a moving truck akin to action scenes from Fast and Furious.Dutch police said that the five men, aged from 33 to 43 and all from Romania, allegedly raided a delivery truck full of iPhones on the A73 highway near Horst on the night of 24 July. Using a modified van, they drove close enough to the back of the truck to allow one of the suspects to climb onto it and break in through the doors while it was being driven down the road.The suspect then passed boxes of Apple?s iPhone from the delivery truck into the modified van through a hole in its roof.Dutch police spokesman Ed Kraszewski said that officers had long been investigating thefts from trucks but had remained sceptical that such a heist could be pulled off. Not any more.Kraszewski said: ?The truck was taking its freight from A to B and did not stop. Even so, [the phones] were gone. So it must have happened that way. And now we finally have the evidence, with the van and the loot.?The five men were arrested at a holiday park in the central Netherlands on Saturday. Police recovered the iPhones and the van they believe was used in the heist. The suspects are to appear Tuesday before an investigating judge.Kraszewski said similar raids had been reported elsewhere in Europe, almost always targeting high-end smartphones, but that there had been no arrests until now. The thieves are accused of being responsible for emptying 17 trucks of expensive goods since 2015, according to local reports.Romanian police released a video, shot from a police helicopter of a similar raid from 2012, where thieves drove up behind a truck using an angle grinder to break open the doors and steal goods while other members of the gang held-back traffic in other cars.Dutch police will send the fingerprints of the suspects to colleagues around Europe to check for potential matches to previous crimes.\r\nArchaeologists on Saturday unearthed a two-metre high, centuries-old statue believed to have been the symbolic guardian of an ancient hospital at the Angkor temple complex in Cambodia. The statue is believed to date back to the late 12th to early 13th century. Angkor was the capital of the Khmer Empire, which dates from the 9th to the 15th centuries. \r\nArchaeologists have unearthed a large, centuries-old statue that is believed to have once stood guard over an ancient hospital at Cambodia?s famed Angkor temple complex.The nearly two metre tall carving, which is thought to be from the late 12th to the early 13th century, was discovered during a dig on Saturday, said Long Kosal, a spokesman for Apsara Authority ? the state agency charged with managing the complex. The Angkor Archeological Park, a world heritage site, contains the remains of the different capitals of the Khmer Empire, dating from the 9th to the 15th centuries, and is Cambodia?s most popular tourist destination.At the height of its power the city and its hundreds of temples boasted more than a million inhabitants, making it one of the world?s most populous pre-industrial centres. Huge swathes of the park have been excavated over the decades, creating a walkable archaeological wonder that attracts more than two million visitors a year. But the complex remains a treasure trove for yet to be discovered finds. Cambodian archaeologists and experts from Singapore?s Institute of Southeast Asian Studies found the statue buried 40 centimeters under the ground during an excavation of an Angkor-era hospital built during the reign of King Jayavarman VII.The Apsara agency said the sandstone statue?s arms and legs had broken off but the carving on the body and head ?remain beautiful? despite the passage of time. They said the statue was likely to have been a symbolic guardian of the hospital.\xa0\r\nIndia's Deaflympics squad, which put up the country's best-ever show at the recently concluded Deaflympics, refused to leave the Delhi airport after landing, since no government official was there to receive them. The 46-athlete contingent, which won five medals, demanded to speak with sports minister Vijay Goel. The athletes protested for over six hours before an SAI official received them.\r\nThe Indian contingent of hearing impaired athletes, returning to the country after its best ever performance in the Deaflympics -- clinching five medals, including a gold -- refused to leave the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi on Tuesday morning (5 a.m.) after realising that not a single official from the Sports Authority of India (SAI) or the sports ministry were present to welcome them.The contingent of 46 athletes and support staff felt the apathy from the officials indicated that the government were not acknowledging their success at the Games held at Samsun, Turkey. Apparently, the athletes also wanted to speak to sports minister Vijay Goel, to apprise him of the situation.?The Indian contingent participated in a total of eight disciplines at the games. Out of those eight disciplines, we won medals in three. We won gold and bronze in wrestling, bronze in lawn tennis and silver in golf,? Ketan Shah, team?s interpreter, said.?The day we won the medals, we told the government that we have made the nation proud. These medal winners made the nation proud, but no one, not even the sports minister, is here to welcome us.?Six-hour protestThe athletes staged protest for over six hours before Dilip Singh, a project officer with SAI, reached the airport to receive them.Upset with govt., Indian Deaflympics team refuse to leave airportRead @ANI_news story | https://t.co/g2Mm0TaHdA pic.twitter.com/zEC0lzXSfv? ANI Digital (@ani_digital) August 1, 2017The SAI official then took the players to Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium and it has been told that they will be taken to Shastri Bhawan in the evening.?We have been informed that in the evening we will be going to Shastri Bhawan, but it is not clear that whether the contingent will be meeting the sports minister or the sports secretary,? said Avinash Gupta father of Deaflympics tennis player Parul Gupta. ?What these players wanted just a small welcome at the airport and a photograph with the sports minister. But it?s the irony that they have to stage a protest for six hours to meet their demands. And even now meeting with the minister is not yet confirmed and they have to wait for another five-to-six hours at the Nehru Stadium,? added Gupta.Vijender?s goldThe gold medal for India was won gold by Virender Singh in 74kg freestyle wrestling competition. He defeated Chakvetadze S of Georgia 18-9 to clinch the big prize.This was the fourth successive medal -- three gold and a bronze --- for Virender at the Deaflympics. \r\nMore than 21 lakh Indian technology professionals have applied for H-1B work visas in the last 11 years, an official report of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services said. The majority of those who applied for the visa were holding master's or bachelor's degree and their average salary over the last 11 years has been $92,317.\r\nMore than 21 lakh Indian technology professionals have applied for H-1B work visas in the last 11 years, an official report has said.The report of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) has also refuted the impression that those who applied for the visa were not highly qualified.On an average, their salary over the last 11 years has been $92,317 and an overwhelming majority of them are masters or bachelor?s degree holder.According to the report since 2007 till June this year, the USCIS received 3.4 million (34 lakh) H-1B visas applications, of which people from India accounted for 21 lakh. During the same period, the US issued H-1B visas to 26 lakh people, the USCIS said in its report, which however does not give countrywide breakdown.In terms of number of H-1B applications between 2007 and 2017, India is followed by a distant China with 296,313 H-1B applications, Philippines (85,918), South Korea (77,359), and Canada (68,228).The report said majority (23 lakh) of the beneficiary of H-1B visas were in the age group of 25-34, and 20 lakh came from the computer related occupation category. Computer was followed by architecture, engineering, and surveying (318,670), education (244,000), administrative specialisations (245,000), and medicine and health (185,000).Sometimes people post their retirement age have been given H-1B visas. In all these 11 years, more than 2,000 foreign nationals of more than 65 years of age received H-1B visas. This year alone so far 122 H-1B visas have been allocated to those above 65 years.The report said custom computer programming services industry received the maximum number of 999, 901 H-1B visas in these years. It was followed by computer systems design services (287,000) and college universities and professional schools (229,00).Contrary to the general perception, the average salary of H-1B visas have increased significantly since 2007 when it was $68,159. In 2017, the average salary of H-1B visas holder foreign guest worker is $92,317.The USCIS?s report was first reported by Breitbart news.?The USCIS date shows that between 2007 and 2017, the H- 1B visa, which imports foreign workers to take American jobs, the programme has grown exponentially. The vast majority of visa-holders are from India,? Breitbart said, adding that roughly 70 to 80% of the foreign workers imported every year are from India.The Trump administration is currently reviewing the H-1B visa policy. \r\nHeadless body of a woman, suspected to be in her 20s, was found in a suitcase in Navi Mumbai on Monday. The suitcase had been dumped at an agricultural farm and was discovered by the owner, after which he informed the police. Police suspect that the woman was murdered and her corpse was then stuffed inside the suitcase. \r\nDead body of a woman aged around 20 to 25 was found in a agricultural farm off the Palm Beach Road in Navi Mumbai on Monday afternoon. Mahendra Tandel, owner of the farm, was on a regular visit, when he found a suitcase dumped at one corner. While he tried lifting it, he found it be heavy. Feeling suspicious he alerted the police and a team from NRI coastal police station reached the spot.When the police officials opened the suitcase, they found a headless body of a woman. It is suspected that the woman was murdered and her body was stuffed inside the suitcase and dumped at the farm, which is located in a secluded area. The body has been sent for autopsy at the Navi Mumbai Municipal Hospital to ascertain the cause and time of her death.DCP S Pathare from Navi Mumbai said, "We have sent pictures of the deceased to all the police stations and control rooms to establish her identity. We are checking missing people's records as well".In 2012, decomposed remains of actress Sandhya Singh was found from a spot not far from this farmhouse. Sandhya's son Raghuveer was accused of her murder.\r\nThe construction of Gurugram's Iffco Chowk flyover has reportedly been delayed due to the presence of high tension electricity wires along the Delhi-Gurugram Expressway. The National Highways Authority of India officials said that Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam failed to give permission to move the overhead high tension wires, even though it was earlier agreed upon by the two organisations.\r\n The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) is finding it tough to finalise construction of a flyover at Iffco chowk due to the presence of high tension overhead electricity wires.The flyover construction is complete except for a portion where the high tension wires are running along the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway from Shankar Chowk to Iffco Chowk. The NHAI has repeatedly asked the power company to shift the lines but to no avail.The NHAI officials said the Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam (HVPN), which is the custodian authority of the high tension wires, failed to give permission to move the wires to order to complete the flyover. As per the final talks between the officials of the two departments, the HVPN was to give permission to the NHAI to take the overhead high tension wires underground. ?As per the last meeting, NHAI was to execute the plan but only after the necessary permission from HVPN. The NHAI agreed in principal to invest the fund to execute the plan but HVPN failed to the give the permission. The construction of the U-turn flyover is disturbed but the HVPN is not ready to take a decision,? said AK Sharma, project director, NHAI, adding that the HVPN might change the plan.Anil Yadav, superintending engineer (SE), HVPN, said, ?We hope the approval from headquarters come very soon in this regard. We are in touch with the top officials at and hope to get the approval in a day or two.?To put high tension wires underground, the NHAI will construct a duct or tunnel of about 500 metres.There are 12 towers of the high transmission line currently standing on the left side of the NH-8 near Iffco Chowk.Earlier, on July 10, principal secretary to the Haryana government Rajesh Khullar had asked the local administration to remove the wires before July 31.Construction of the flyover at Iffco chowk and underpaases at Signature Tower and Rajiv Chowk have to be completed by March 2018. Chief minister Manohar Lal?Khattar is expected to inaugurate on AUgust 14 an underpass near Medanta hospital and a flyover at Maharana Pratap Chowk while rest of the work would go on as scheduled.\r\nGoogle's head of connectivity in India recently talked about the Google RailTel, which has started providing free WiFi at 140 railway stations in India. "If you compare this with Wi-Fi in London and San Francisco, you will find that the Wi-Fi is better in both coverage and capacity", he said. The initiative aims to cover 400 stations across the country.\r\nAs a part of Prime Minister Modi's Digital India initiative, the Indian Railways have partnered with Google to provide Wi-Fi broadband facility to passengers at major railway stations across the country. This Google RailTel initiative was launched in January 2016 and till date has reached 140 stations across India. Their lofty aim is to reach 400 stations by 2018.Under this initiative, RailTel, a subsidiary of the government of India provides the high speed network via Fiber while Google sets up the wireless infrastructure and provides tech support. The speeds on offer range from 20-40Mbps for 30 minutes after which they are gradually reduced in order to manage bandwidth.The India Today Tech had the opportunity to experience Google's RailTel initiative first hand at Nizamuddin Railway station. We also interviewed Gulzar Azad\xa0 -- head of connectivity, Google India -- who spoke about the partnership with RailTel, the challenges faced in bringing high-speed Wi-Fi to 140 of India's major railway stations, what Google and RailTel have learnt along the way and the road ahead for this ambitious initiative.Q: This initiative started before Jio revolutionised the telecom sector with its disruptive plans and brought 4G to the masses. Have you seen a dip in the daily usage since Jio entered the marketplace? Has the widespread and cheap availability of 4G data since the entry of Jio affected Google's RailTel strategy in any way?This is a great question. Very relevant in today's time. What we have seen is that as 4G has emerged, we have seen no dip in the Wi-Fi usage. If you talk about the time when 'free' 4G started emerging, we were at about 5 million (50 lakh) monthly active users, today we are at 6.5 million (65 lakh) monthly active users. So the RailTel initiative has only grown since then.The railway station is a great point of convergence. At this point of convergence, there is the need for multiple networks and multiple systems to satisfy the user demand. Before the advent of 'free' 4G, people were not even thinking of consuming 1GB data a month, let alone 1GB data a day.The mark of telecommunication development of any country is how close the Fiber is to the user. In effect, you must see that the Wi-Fi that we are implementing is an attempt to bring Fiber close to the user. And that is working pretty well for us.Q: During my interactions with passengers and workers at the Nizzamudin railway station, I found out that many of them feel that during peak hours the speed slows down quite a bit. Is that something you are looking into?I feel that is also a very interesting, emerging phenomenon. If you see when we started the project, even at peak hours the speed we were giving the users was very satisfactory and now people want more. This is exactly what we were expecting. Once people start experiencing high-speed internet, the user behavior changes - the expectation now is higher. There is more demand for less and less latency in the network.The good news for us is that across the last twelve months, we have not seen a dip in monthly active users. The average usage still remains 350MB per user per session which shows we have augmented the network and capacity while adding more users.As 4G has emerged, we have seen no dip in the Wi-Fi usage. If you talk about the time when 'free' 4G started emerging, we were at about 5 million monthly active users, today we are at 6.5 million monthly active usersMr Gulzar Azad then spoke about how Google is taking steps to make the RailTel initiative financially viableSince April, we have made the login process Ad supported and that is helping RailTel from an ISP perspective. The revenue is majorly meant for RailTel. We have a revenue share mechanism which is expected as we are a contributor to the project itself - Google helps build the wireless (infrastructure) and RailTel brings in the Fibre and the connectivity.Q:The RailTel initiative was in the news a couple of months ago as it was found that it was being used for watching porn in many railway stations. Were any measures put into place after that?The idea of the internet here from an experience point of view is to make it the same internet that you and I have and for that internet to be available to everyone. That is the singular goal of our vision - for a billion people to experience the internet you and I experience in our homes, in our offices.\xa0 And when we do that, we are following the regulations set by the country.The ISP (RailTel) follows the regulations from the government in terms of what's allowed on the internet and what's not. This internet is not different from every other internet across the country.Q: If we talk about the speed, I was told that 1Mbps is the minimum speed even when the 30 limit high speed cap is crossed. Is that a realistic claim?The way the network has been set up there is actually no speed limit before or after. The design of the network is such that in the first 30 minute time limit, we allow the user to get unfettered access - the idea is to get all users to a point where they could access high quality HD video streams.After the time limit is crossed, we make sure that everybody does still have internet and the net is still low latency. We are adjusting the network dynamically so that people can still access the internet but in the first half an hour they can access HD quality video streams.Q: But what is the minimum speed? - I spoke to many people and got a lot of varying replies. Some people said it is as bad as 128kbps but others said they can stream video for 24 hours.The quality of your internet is not just measured by the speed. It is also measured by the latency of the network. We have designed the network in a way that even when the network is at low speed, it is still a low latency network. The internet is dynamically configured in such a way that you will still be able perform certain use cases (like opening a search page, running apps like WhatsApp and Messenger) after the high-speed cap gets over after 30 minutes.This is a great advancement. If you compare this with Wi-Fi in London and San Francisco, you will find that the Wi-Fi is better in both coverage and capacityNote: The network is dynamically adjusted in such a way that priority is given to those who are logging in for the first time. This is why the 30 minute high-speed cap exists. During our time at the Nizamuddin railway station we got average speeds of 17-18mpbs (download) during the 30 minute unfettered limit. Also, we found out that all access points are already dual-band (2.4GHz and 5GHz capable) in order to cope with future demand.Q: What is the business model that Google and RailTel are following? How is Google benefiting from this project?For Google, this is an ecosystem project. Our idea with this is to make sure there is more and more broadband adoption. The more the adoption, the more people come online, and the greater the economic impact.When there is economic impact on digitisation, we get directly impacted because we are a stakeholder in the digitisation of the country. Also, the more people use internet, the more they use e-commerce, social networks, news websites and eventually Google services.Q: At the Nizamuddin railway station and the New Delhi railway station, which I visited a few weeks ago, the advertising is quite minimal. Also a lot of people, even in tier 1 cities like Delhi and Mumbai are unaware of this initiative. So what is Google and RailTel's future plans regarding awareness?Addressing awareness of Wi-Fi is certainly an important issue and we need the help of the Indian railways and the government to do that more and more. As you can see, the Wi-Fi is already free, so there is not much space for businesses to market on it. But the Indian Railways who host this, they should be partnering with us to make more and more awareness happen.There are various channels of awareness. We have tried audio announcements and visuals. We have also tried having agents at the station. I think to raise awareness in a sustainable way we need help from the government.\r\nThe Election Commission ordered police protection for all Congress MLAs in Gujarat over reports of the BJP trying to bribe them to join the party. All of the nine MLAs in Gujarat were given security, in addition to the 42 that the party took to Bengaluru. This comes after six of the party's MLAs resigned and joined the BJP.\r\nPolice protection was given to all the Congress legislators in Gujarat on Monday following Election Commission?s order on a party complaint that the ruling BJP was trying to bribe and coerce its MLAs to defect ahead of the Rajya Sabha election in the state.The security cover was given to nine of the 51 Congress MLAs who stayed back in Gujarat as well as the 42 that the party took to Bengaluru on Friday to shield them from the alleged poaching attempts.The 42 MLAs are staying at a sprawling resort outside the Karnataka capital since six lawmakers of the party resigned in the run-up to the August 8 election in which Ahmed Patel, political secretary to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, is contesting.Congress spokesperson Shaktisinh Gohil said in Bengaluru on Sunday that the legislators staying in Bengaluru are willing to return home if chief minister Vijay Rupani promises their safety.?Two MLAs in Valsad district are being provided police protection as per the EC?s instruction,? said a top police officer. ?Two armed constables were deployed for round-the-clock security.?Lawmakers Ishwar Patel and Jitu Chaudhary could not go to Bengaluru for personal reasons.Security cover was also given to six alleged rebel Congress MLAs, who chose not to join their colleagues in Bengaluru.Raghvji Patel, known to be close to former chief minister Shankersinh Vaghela, said: ?I received a call from home that two policemen have arrived, though I haven?t asked for any security cover.?He said he will resign from the Congress soon.The BJP has fielded three candidates ? party chief Amit Shah, Union minister Smriti Irani and Congress turncoat Balwantsinh Rajput.The defectors are believed to be loyal to Vaghela, who quit the Congress on July 21, alleging that some party leaders were conspiring against him. Vaghela was with the BJP before he broke ranks in 1996 and formed his own party, which later merged with the Congress.Sources said chief secretary JN Singh is likely to submit by Monday night an inquiry report on the alleged horse-trading that the Election Commission had sought.Trouble began for the Congress after the political heavyweight resigned. A spate of resignations followed last Friday and Saturday and three of the six defectors joined the BJP.The Congress alleged that its lawmakers have been threatened and offered money to defect. The BJP denied the charges and criticised the Congress legislators for leaving the state when it was reeling under floods.Chief minister Rupani is camping in flood-affected districts of northern Gujarat since Sunday. The BJP?s Rajya Sabha poll candidates, Irani and Rajput, visited flood-hit people in Banaskantha, one of the worst-affected districts.Congress?s Ahmed Patel was in Banaskantha on Sunday.The defections reduced the party?s strength in the assembly to 51, but Patel could still sail through as he needs the votes of 45 lawmakers. The party hopes two Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) lawmakers will vote for him. Besides, rebel BJP lawmaker Nalin Kotadiya could switch sides.Vaghela too visited the area on Saturday and criticised the six Congress MLAs from northern Gujarat for ditching the people at their hour of need.Congress supporters protested against the turncoats outside the BJP office in Ahmedabad on Monday.\r\nLashkar-e-Taiba's Kashmir Chief Abu Dujana has been killed in an encounter with security forces in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir. His accomplice has also been terminated by the forces. He is the third top militant leader killed since last year following Hizbul Mujahideen leaders Burhan Wani and Sabzar Bhat.\r\nAbu Dujana, a top Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) commander operating in Kashmir, was killed on Tuesday in an encounter with security forces in Pulwama district, police said.Dujana, 27, and another militant were shot dead during an exchange of fire between a group of militants and security forces in Hakripora village of Pulwama.?LeT chief commander Abu Dujana of Pakistan along with his accomplice killed in Hakripora, Pulwama. Huge achievement for police & SF (security forces),? Jammu and Kashmir police said in a tweet.Kashmir inspector general of police, Muneer Khan told HT the operation was still in progress. Television visuals showed plumes of smoke rising from a white building where the militant commander is believed to have been trapped during a  cordon and search operation launched by joint forces.There were reports that Dujana was  trapped by security forces at was a house in Hakripora village where he had allegedly gone to meet a local woman he had married some time ago. Kashmir director general of police, SP Vaid, confirmed Dujana was married but did not say whether the militant had gone to meet his wife. Sources quoting local residents said he was not killed in his in-laws house.Authorities cut the internet across Pulwama district ?as a precautionary measure?.Dujana carried a reward of Rs 15 lakh on his head and figures among the top militants of the valley, categorised A++ by the army.Dujana was among the longest surviving foreign militants in Kashmir, hailing from the Gilgit-Baltistan region in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. He was also popular among the youth as he frequently posted photographs and video clips on social media. According to the army, he was among 12 most wanted militants active in the valley. Police say he was the mastermind in many militant attacks across south Kashmir.He is the third top militant leader killed in Kashmir since last year. Hizbul Mujahideen leaders Burhan Wani and Sabzar Bhat were killed by security forces earlier.\r\nPakistan's Opposition leader Imran Khan has called for a future of "real democracy" in the country, following the dismissal of Nawaz Sharif as the Prime Minister by the country's Supreme Court. "This is not a democracy but monarchy. And that is why Pakistan has been left behind developed nations," Khan who led a campaign to oust Sharif said.\r\nPakistan?s opposition leader, Imran Khan, has called for a future of ?real democracy? in the country, following the dismissal of Nawaz Sharif as prime minister over corruption charges.?We are thankful to the judiciary because with their judgment, they brought us a new hope,? Khan told a gathering of thousands of supporters on Sunday.The rally in Islamabad was a triumphant celebration for the heartthrob-cricketer-turned-populist-politician, who, since last year, has led a campaign to oust Sharif.Friday?s ruling by Pakistan?s highest court disrupted what had otherwise looked like a smooth path to next year?s election for Sharif?s PML-N party.Former oil minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi will most likely be approved as interim prime minister on Tuesday, at a special session in the 342-member parliament, where the ruling PML-N party holds a strong majority.Abbasi will hold the position for less than two months, until Shahbaz Sharif, younger brother of the ousted prime minister, is confirmed in parliament and can take over.Thousands of supporters from Khan?s Pakistan Tehreek-e Insaf (PTI) party congregated at Islamabad?s parade ground on Sunday for what had been termed a ?thanksgiving day?, the latest of Khan?s signature rallies that have helped him drum up popular support.In front of flag-flying party cadres dressed in the red and green colours of PTI, among towers of loudspeakers blasting music, Khan likened Pakistan?s rulers to ?mafia who safeguard personal interests at any cost?.?When we decided to move against Nawaz in the Panama case, everyone said it was a mistake because in the past, the powerful and mighty ones have been protected. But today I salute the court for giving hope to people for a new Pakistan,? he said.Since his political ascension in 2011, after 15 years in politics, Khan has drawn support particularly from educated urbanites disillusioned with their political elites.?Imran Khan is fighting hard to let people know their political rights and their role in society. He has been a true example,? said Syed Ishfaq, face painted red and green, who had travelled to the capital from Peshawar to participate in the celebration. Last year, Khan received a timely boost with the leak of the so-called Panama Papers, giving credence to his attacks against the political establishment, whom he has called ?the coalition of the corrupt?.After the leak, Khan filed a constitutional petition to have the supreme court investigate the purchase of high-end London property through offshore companies in the name of Sharif?s children, then minors.He organised street protests and demanded a ?lockdown? of Islamabad until the country?s highest court ordered an inquiry into the PM.Sharif, though, was not dismissed for actual corruption but for being deemed dishonest, according to the constitution?s article 62, over unreported income of about \xa32,000 from a Dubai-based company owned by his son. Sharif claims he never received the salary.However, he has not completely dodged a corruption verdict. In its ruling, the supreme court ordered a criminal investigation by an accountability court into the Sharif family based on materials from the Panama Papers.The ouster of Sharif has highlighted the decades-long fractious relationship between the now ex-prime minister and the military. There has been speculation that the court, with its verdict, simply did the military?s bidding, and that Khan was a handy tool for the generals to cut down a prime minister with whom they have feuded for decades. Khan?s supporters dismissed that idea.?If Imran Khan was really a puppet of the military, he would have become prime minister,? said Ishfaq, referring to a claim by Khan that former army chief Pervez Musharraf offered him the position.Friday?s court decision sparked hope among demonstrators that the country?s corrupt leaders can be held accountable. However, the appointment of Nawaz?s younger brother as new prime minister does little to accommodate equally forceful complaints that the Sharif family holds a dynastic grip on power. ?This is is not a democracy but monarchy. It is not a meritocracy. And that is why Pakistan has been left behind developed nations,? Khan said from the stage.Razmat Khan, a supporter, agreed: ?Shahbaz is the same as Nawaz. They just want to keep power in the family.?Supporters of Sharif point out that during his tenure, the economy has grown and security has improved markedly. According to the government, growth reached 5.28% last year. The number of civilians killed in terrorist attacks has dropped from about 3,000 in 2013, when Sharif came into office, to 612 in 2016.?I would give a bit of credit to Nawaz Sharif,? said Ishfaq. ?But it is the law enforcement agencies that have brought peace.?Yet, the improvements are tenuous. Violence has recently resurged in a string of attacks by the Pakistan Taliban and Islamic State, which constitutes a moderate but growing threat in Pakistan. Economic growth is held up by a swelling account deficit, and an overvalued currency is hampering exports. Growth has also not seeped down to the lower classes who make up the majority of the nation of more than 200 million people.?Thousands are jobless. There is no unemployment plan, and no economic policy except securing kickbacks,? said Sheraz Hassan, who drove his three children on a motorbike to the gathering.Many of the celebrating Khan supporters hoped that Pakistan had turned a page. ?The prime minister of Pakistan has been brought to justice,? said Ishfaq. ?That is very rare.?\r\nActress Manisha Koirala has said that Alia Bhatt is brilliant and super-talented and she loved her in films like 'Udta Punjab' and 'Dear Zindagi'. She added, "I thought she was flawless and I'd love to work with her someday." Meanwhile, Manisha further said that Ranbir Kapoor is one of the finest talents in the film industry.\r\nActor Manisha Koirala?s comeback film, Dear Maya, which she did after a hiatus of five years, fizzled out without much noise, but that certainly hasn?t deterred her spirit. Manisha is all set to work with actor Ranbir Kapoor in an upcoming biopic based on actor Sanjay Dutt?s life.For someone who has worked with almost all the leading names from the fraternity during the ?90s, including the likes of Aamir Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan, Anil Kapoor among others, it must have been a different experience teaming up with the current breed of actors. ?I find these young actors hard working and focused. Ranbir is one of the finest talents we have in our [film] industry. And I believe it?s not about senior or younger co-stars; for me, it?s always great to share screen space with good actors,? says Manisha, who worked with newcomer Shreya Chaudhary in Dear Maya.    Thank you @chola_the_label and @tanyareigns ?? A post shared by Manisha Koirala (@m_koirala) on Jul 20, 2017 at 1:12pm PDT Manisha adds that she doesn?t believe in giving too much of a thought to who her co-actors are in a film, as each one turns out to be different. ?I don?t really care much about the celebrity status (of her co-actors) because honestly, it?s the by-product of the original thing, which is talent and the capacity of the actor,? she says, pointing out that she admires Alia Bhatt from the younger generation of stars.?She?s [Alia] just so brilliant and super-talented. I loved her in Udta Punjab and Dear Zindagi. I thought she was flawless and I?d love to work with her someday.?Manisha doesn?t shy away from confessing that she had to pace up to be at par with the changing times and her presence on social media is an outcome of that. ?I am still struggling with it. I have a young team of people managing my social media and it?s their show ... they know what to do and they guide me on what will work best for me,? she addsFollow @htshowbiz for more\r\nAn Indian Army team has participated in a tank race competition in Russia along with 18 other countries. This is the third time India participated in the event but it's their first with own T-90 tanks. The competition simulates actual battlefield conditions involving challenges like high-speed driving and switching from one mode of operation to another at a fast pace.\r\nAn Indian Army team has participated in a tank race competition in Russia along with groups from several other countries including China, the Army said on Tuesday.The Tank Biathlon commenced at Alabino Ranges on July 29 and the Indian Army participated in it with T-90 tanks.A T-72 tank, operated by a crew from Uganda, drives during the Tank Biathlon competition, part of the International Army Games 2017, at a range in the settlement of Alabino outside Moscow, Russia, July 29, 2017. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(REUTERS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tA total of 19 countries have participated in the event and the top 12 of them will be selected for stage II relay race out of which only four will qualify for the final stage of the race on August 12, the Army said in a release.The Tank Biathlon competition is an international event conducted as part of the International Army Games held every year since 2013 at Alabino Ranges in Russia.International Army Games involve 28 events which are organised in Russia, Belarus, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and China.A T-72 tank, operated by a crew from Azerbaijan, drives during the Tank Biathlon competition, part of the International Army Games 2017, at a range in the settlement of Alabino outside Moscow, Russia, July 29, 2017. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(REUTERS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe Indian Army team has been participating in the competition for the past three years.?This year, for the first time, the team would be participating with own T-90 tanks which have been shipped to Russia,? the Army said.The competition simulates actual battle field conditions involving driving at high speed and entails switching from one mode of operation to another at a fast pace. \r\nOver 30 religious and jihadi groups have reportedly come together to form Daifa-e-Pakistan that carried out rallies in Pakistan to boost terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir. The aim of the movement is to create a new force of terrorism and channel it against India, reports claimed. The participants allegedly included the leaders of banned terror groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba, Hizbul Mujahideen.\r\nWhile infrastructure in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) is getting a facelift owing to a torrent of Chinese investment, the terrorism framework in the area too is getting revamped in a bid to foment trouble in India, an India Today TV investigation on ground zero has found.Over 30 religious and jihadi groups have come together to form Daifa-e-Pakistan that has demonstrated and carried out rallies across Pakistan to step up terrorism in Kashmir.According to sources, the aim of the movement is to create a new force of terrorism and channel it against India. One such rally was organised by Daifa-e-Pakistan at Mall road in Lahore. The participants included the leaders of the banned terror groups Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, Hijbul Mujahideen, Jamiat-ul-Mujahideen, etc.They demonstrated against India and spelt out a negative propaganda allegedly after informing the government of Pakistan and its army.According to sources, Pakistan is leaving no stone unturned to stoke the unrest in Kashmir caused after the killing of Hizbul commander Burhan Wani last year.Though the US has declared Hafiz Saeed and Hijbul chief Syed Salahuddin global terrorists with rewards for their arrest, these two have been spreading venom against India in different cities of Pakistan.Indian agencies are concerned that the Pakistan-funded terror groups are roping in youngsters for their mission. Much like Hafiz Saeed's son, former ISI chief Hamid Gul's son is also echoing anti-India propaganda by creating associations to mobilise the youth.The number of infiltrators into the India this year has been the highest in the past decade, underscoring Pakistan's agenda. This has led to tension along the Line of Control and ceasefire violations.In the last nine years, after a devastating earthquake in 2006 in PoK, the infrastructure has undergone radical change. Not only roads, but hydropower projects and other ventures are visible on the ground .The pace at which these developmental projects are coming up is worrying for India. China's "development" projects" in PoK and neighbouring Gilgit-Baltistan that involve several thousand Chinese personnel belonging to the construction corps of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) point towards Beijing's expansionist geo-strategic agenda in the region.Gilgit-Baltistan is part of the disputed territory of J&K occupied by Pakistan and is known as the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Some part of the Aksai Chin region was also gifted to China by Pakistan.Many people living in Gilgit and Baltistan are unnerved by the increasing Chinese presence in the area and feel that their resources and land are being sold to China by Pakistan without compensating the actual stakeholders, India Today TV found. Some even believe that all environmental issues are being ignored to favour economic interests of Pakistan.Farman Ali, a well-known journalist from Gilgit, said, "People who raise their voices against Pakistan are either being jailed or harassed by Pakistani security agencies in Gilgit and Baltistan."There are some in PoK who believe that the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) is going to help economic prosperity in the area but that will be clear only when the projects are completed and locals are engaged by Pakistan in economic activities.So far, residents have not been employed in construction work, except some security personnel who have been engaged for protection of Chinese workers.With the reported stationing of a unit of PLA soldiers near the Khunjerab Pass and Chinese military officials frequenting the field command office of Gilgit, which happens to be Pakistan's military headquarters in the region, a pervasive Chinese intent of establishing a military edge in India's northern sector cannot be negated, observers say.ALSO READ |Is China backing Pakistan's position on PoK projects under its China-Pakistan Economic Corridor plan?Pakistan China's new colony? Leaked papers reveal Beijing's stake in economy, key projects\r\nAn Etihad Airways aircraft carrying nearly 200 passengers suffered a tyre burst upon landing, forcing Mumbai airport authorities to shut operations at the main runway on Monday evening. The Abu Dhabi-Mumbai flight got stuck in the middle of the runway, following which operations were shifted to the secondary runway. Notably, the two runways at Mumbai airport intersect each other. \r\nAn Etihad Airways aircraft with more than 200 people on board suffered a tyre burst on landing, forcing the Mumbai airport authorities to shut operations at the main runway Monday evening.The operations were moved to the secondary runway after the plane from Abu Dhabi got stuck in the middle of the runway, an airport official said.The incident took place around 7 pm.The aircraft had 196 passengers and 13 crew members on board, the official said.A comment from Etihad Airways is awaited.The Mumbai airport has a unique layout with two runways ? the main runway and a secondary one ? intersecting each other.?Runway 14-32 (the secondary one) was in use as runway 09-27 (the main one) was taken over for inspection as Etihad Airways flight EY 204 had a tyre deflated after arrival on the main runway,? the official said. The airline said in a statement that ?all passengers and crew are fine?, and it was ?assisting guests who may be impacted by the delay of the outbound flight and advising them of any subsequent changes to their travel plans?. \r\nFormer Australian PM Tony Abbott has sent a signed cricket bat for PM Narendra Modi, reportedly through an Indian residing in Australia. The man, Manpreet Singh, who is carrying the bat along with pictures of Abbott signing it, has been visiting the PMO but has not met Modi yet. Abbott has reportedly addressed Modi as "Narendra" on the bat.\r\nThese days if you just happen to wait outside the Parliament, there is a fair chance of meeting an immaculately dressed young Sikh gentleman walking around with a framed bat. His ultimate mission is to reach the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) and give the bat to Prime Minister Narendra Modi "personally." However, stopped by Kalashnikov-toting soldiers in the country's most secured zone, the closest point he has been able to get to in South Block remains Vijay Chowk.\xa0 \xa0Indeed, as the security guys too found out, the bat Manpreet Singh "from Sydney" is carrying is rather special. It has been sent by Tony Abbott, the former Prime Minister of Australia. Yes, the same man who took Modi on a tour of the Melbourne Cricket Ground in 2014. \xa0Abbott is no longer the Australian Prime Minister but the friendship between the two leaders - they famously addressed each other by their first names in 2014 - remains intact. So, the latest 'to-Narendra-from-Tony' gift is a special MS Dhoni series bat with a hand-written message through 'messenger' Manpreet."I was the brand ambassador for 'Festival of India in Australia' event when the Indian PM visited Australia. I have know the Australian PM for long and, because cricket is loved equally in both the countries, he sent this bat as a gift for Mr. Modi through me," Manpreet told India Today. Abbott writes on the bat: "To Narendra, it was an honour to work closely with you to strengthen the historic ties between our countries. I will always cherish our friendship." Singh, who works as a mall manager, is actively involved in NRI events down under. These days, he and his cousin travel from Faridabad to Delhi with a hope of finding a way to meet Modi. \r\nCabin crew on a  Kochi-Colombo SriLankan Airlines flight extinguished a mid-flight fire suspected to have been caused by a phone in an overhead locker. The crew put a bag in the water after failing to stop the smoke with a fire extinguisher. Upon investigation, the crew found a lithium battery pack and two mobile phones in it.\r\nCrew on a Sri Lankan Airlines plane carrying 202 passengers have extinguished a mid-flight fire triggered by a mobile phone battery in an overhead locker, the carrier said Monday.The airline said a ?major? incident was averted by the quick-thinking attendants on the flight Sunday from Kochi to Colombo.Smoke was detected shortly after a meal service on the 70-minute flight, it said.The smoke came from an overhead bin, the airline added, thanking its crew for ?averting a major incident?.  Crew suspected a lithium battery fire and put the luggage in water after failing to stop the smoke with a fire extinguisher, an airline statement said.?The situation was successfully contained and the bag ceased to emit smoke,? the statement said. ?Upon investigation, the crew found a lithium battery pack and two mobile phones in the bag.?The airline did not give the make or model of the battery and the phones involved, but said an investigation was underway into the incident on the Airbus A330-200 aircraft.No one was hurt. In October, the carrier joined other airlines in banning Samsung Note 7 phones from its flights fearing spontaneous combustion.\r\nPunjab Congress MLA Surjit Dhiman has slammed the CM Captain Amarinder Singh-led government over the inactive anti-drug drive initiated in the state. Claiming that "chitta" (drugs) was "easily available in every nook and corner," he said the state-sponsored anti-drug drive was "effective for only the first 15 days of government." \r\nEven as chief minister Capt Amarinder Singh and his government in Punjab claim that their drive against drugs has been a huge success ever since the Congress came to power in March, party MLA Surjit Dhiman said on Monday that ?chitta? (?white powder?, referring to drugs) is ?easily available in every nook and corner? the as the drive against the menace ?remained effective for only the first 15 days of the government?.A member of the legislative assembly from Amargarh segment, Dhiman is considered a loyalist of the CM and had sided with him when he was fighting a turf war within the party.He was speaking at a state-level function to commemorate the martyrdom of Shaheed Udam Singh, where cabinet minister Sadhu Singh Dharamsot was the chief guest.?Though CM Amarinder Singh had promised to eradicate drugs and gangsters, the government remained active only for 15 days. When we formed government, we hoped drug smugglers and gangsters would be behind bars soon. Now, I can tell you the names of constituencies where drugs are being supplied,? he said in his speech from the stage. He alleged that dacoits and smugglers are the ruling roost in Dirba, from where once he was elected as MLA. That segment at present is represented by Harpal Cheema of the Aam Aadmi Party.?The drug menace is the main hurdle to fulfilling the dreams of Udham Singh. Drugs have ruined Punjabi youth, who have failed to follow the philosophy of determination and courage of freedom fighters,? he said.Later, minister Dharamsot reacted to the statement, saying, ?We have controlled 90% of drugs and the remaining 10% will be wiped out soon. Indeed the Shiromani Akali Dal had been feeding this poison to the state for the past 10 years. So, now, it will take some time.?Meanwhile Daman Thind Bajwa, vice-president of the Punjab Youth Congress and the party?s Sunam candidate who lost to an AAP nominee, said that though the results in Sunam were not like other parts of the state where Congress won, ?every single promise made with the people here will be fulfilled?.MLAs Vijay Inder Singla (Sangrur), Dalvir Singh Goldy (Dhuri) and Amrinder Singh Raja Warring (Gidderbaha) also spoke on the occasion and paid homage to Udham Singh.\r\nThe Delhi government on Monday decided to stop grants to 28 Delhi University colleges following the varsity's failure to form their governing bodies. "I cannot allow unchecked corruption and irregularities to be sustained on Delhi govt funds in the name of education,? Deputy CM Manish Sisodia tweeted. Twelve out of the 28 colleges are fully funded by the Delhi government.\r\nThe Delhi government has stopped grants to 28 Delhi University colleges funded by it on account of the university not forming governing bodies for the last 10 months.Twelve out of the 28 colleges are fully funded by the government and 16 are partially funded. The government had asked Delhi University to form governing bodies before making any appointments.The university is currently in the process of hiring permanent faculty.?I can not allow unchecked corruption and irregularities to be sustained on Delhi govt funds in the name of Education. The sequence of events from Sept 2016 seems to indicate a deliberate and malafied attempt to delay formation of gov bodies by DU,? deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia said in a series of tweets on Monday.Hv ordered Fin Dept to stop funding for Delhi gov funded 28 DU colleges, as DU not willing to form governing bodies for last 10 months.? Manish Sisodia (@msisodia) July 31, 2017Colleges dependent entirely on funding from the government will find it hard to function after being cut off.?Everything from payment of salaries to teaching and non-teaching staff to payment of electricity bill is done through Delhi government?s funds. If we don?t get the funds the college will have to stop,? said SK Garg, principal Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College, which is fully funded by the government.The sequence of events from Sept 2016 seems to indicate a deliberate and malafied attempt to delay formation of gov bodies by DU pic.twitter.com/xoYgcPip40? Manish Sisodia (@msisodia) July 31, 2017However, DU officials said  there won?t be any immediate impact on any of these colleges.?We receive funds of about Rs24-25 crores in four instalments ? July, November, January, and March. We have already received the first instalment, so there won?t be any immediate impact and the matter will hopefully be resolved in a few weeks,? Garg said.Dean of Colleges Devesh K Sinha said they have written a letter to the government on Monday assuring them that the governing bodies will be formed within a week or two.?The executive council had raised certain objections to the nominations. We are supposed to have a variety of experts in the body but the government, for instance, had recommended five educationists to one college. However, we are in the process and soon the bodies will be formed,? Sinha said.He said that the government?s main concern is that the governing bodies should be formed before the appointments. ?Anyway the appointments are not happening before September so there is time,? he said.Twelve DU colleges are fully funded by the Delhi government, including Shaheed Raj Guru College, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College, Maharaja Agarsen College, Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies.Sixteen DU colleges are partially funded by the Delhi government, including Gargi College, Kamla Nehru College, Shivaji College and Delhi College of Arts & Commerce.In June, the government had asked colleges to not go ahead with faculty appointments till college governing bodies are formed and had also threatened to withhold funds to college in case of non-compliance.The government has asked the University to ?duly constitute? the governing bodies, which will include five members nominated by the government, before making any appointments.DU colleges have been advertising vacant faculty positions following a High Court order.\r\nCongress leader Mallikarjun Kharge on Monday said, "Don't make lynchistan out of Hindustan" and blamed the BJP-led NDA government in the Lok Sabha for encouraging cow vigilantism. Pointing to incidents of mob violence in Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, he slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for not addressing the killings on 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.\r\nThe Congress on Monday accused the NDA government of encouraging cow vigilantism and said there was an environment of fear and terror among the people.?The government is indirectly encouraging groups like the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, Bajrang Dal and gau bhakts (cow vigilantes),? Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge said in the Lok Sabha while participating in a debate on mob lynchings. He also urged the government not to turn Hindustan into ?lynchistan?. ?Don?t make lynchistan out of Hindustan,? Kharge said.He said the incidents of mob lynchings were not coming down.Slamming the BJP governments in Jharkhand and Madhya Pradesh, the Congress leader said: ?Jharkhand and Madhya Pradesh have become mob lynching centres.?Kharge was referring to increasing incidents of cow vigilantes lynching people on suspicion of carrying beef or while ferrying cattle.Kharge said that minorities, Dalits and women were being targeted under the Modi government.He also demanded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi should come to the House and clear his government?s stand on the issue of mob lynching.Kharge was interrupted by BJP?s Nishikant Dubey, who said that the cases mentioned by him were subjudice and asked why he was discussing them.Responding to Dubey, the Congress leader asked the government how many cases were registered against cow vigilantes and how many people had been arrested. ?On one hand you disown these people, but what action is being taken against them?? he asked, adding that no action was being taken against such people. Taking a dig at the government, Kharge said, ?All these crimes are happening because you are trying to impose your ideology and philosophy on the people.?\r\nAround 44,000 toilets need to be built daily by the Uttar Pradesh government to make the state open defecation free (ODF) by October 2, 2018, Chief Secretary Rajiv Kumar said on Monday. He further directed district magistrates to speed up the construction work and said they should devote at least half an hour daily to monitor the progress. \r\nLucknow, Jul 31 (PTI) The Uttar Pradesh government will have to construct 44,000 toilets per day to make the state open defecation free (ODF) by October 2 next year, Chief Secretary Rajive Kumar today said. He alsp directed district magistrates to speed up the work, saying they should spare alteast half an hour per day for monitoring it. "To make the state ODF by October 2 next year, 1.55 crore toilets are to be constructed. To achieve the target, 44,000 toilets are to be made everyday," Kumar said while reviewing works done under the Swacch Bharat Mission through video conferencing. \r\nIndia's tallest Tricolour, which is 360-feet tall, has not been hoisted at the Indo-Pakistan border for the last three months.The flag, which is visible from Pakistan, was taken down in April by the Amritsar administration after it was repeatedly damaged by high-velocity winds. Every time the flag is brought down, it brings 'embarrassment' to all, officials maintaining the flag said.\r\nHoisted with much fanfare, India?s tallest Tricolour which was fluttering at a height of 360 ft near the India-Pakistan border at Attari has been out of sight for the past three months. The flag, which was repeatedly damaged due to high-velocity wind that flows at high altitude, was taken off by the Amritsar administration in April this year and has not been hoisted again ever since. Amritsar deputy commissioner (DC) Kamaldeep Singh Sangha has even written to the state home department and the local bodies ministry, pointing out that every time the tallest Indian flag ? visible from the Pakistan side ? is torn and brought down, it brings ?embarrassment? to all.The Punjab home department is still struggling to find out a solution for the repeated damage to the flag due to wind. City flag also taken off Besides the Tricolour at the border, the administration has also taken off 170-feet high flag at Ranjit Avenue area in Amritsar, as it too got torn 13 times. The administration is now gearing up for celebrating the Independence Day. Though only 15 days are left, yet the solution to the flag problem has not been found. When contacted, Amritsar MP Gurjeet Singh Aujla told HT that he would instruct the administration to ensure that the flag should be hoisted on August 15. ?The flag would be hoisted, even if for a day. If there is any hitch, it can be pulled down again.? ?Will speak to Sidhu? MP Aujla said, ?I would speak to local bodies minister Navjot Singh Sidhu and I am sure we all will soon find a solution. I would be taking up the matter with the Centre too and suggest reducing the height of the flag.? He said that reducing height and finding an appropriate wind-resistant material for the flag will solve the problem.Cost of patriotism too high The Amritsar improvement trust, which is responsible for the upkeep of the two flags, has replaced both of them time and again, bearing huge expenses. The 360-ft flag at the border has torn off three times. The 170-ft flag at Ranjit Avenue has torn off 13 times. Trust officials said a total of around Rs 9 lakh have been spent on the flag at the Ranjit Avenue and another Rs 6 lakh on the Tricolour at the border.\r\nThe Municipal Corporation of Gurugram has put up 'free parking' signboards at entry points of several malls on MG Road. The authority had earlier waived off property tax for malls on the condition that they provide free basement parking. The decision to place the signboards comes after the MCG received complaints that the malls were continuing to charge for parking. \r\nThe Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG), which earlier waived off property tax for several malls on the condition of providing free basement parking to city residents, has decided to put up ?free parking? signboards at entry points of malls on MG Road.The move has come after MCG received complaints that malls continued to charge visitors for parking despite their commitment to provide the service for free.V Umashankar, MCG commissioner, said, ?In case people find mall managements violating the free parking commitments, they can lodge complaints instantly. We have issued instructions to mall managements in this regard.??Visible display of ?free parking? signboards will help people. Our purpose is to translate commitment of free parking into a reality for visitors,? said Umashankar, adding that he is working on a plan to improve the Mall Mile at MG Road.Earlier, in March, the MCG had decided not to levy property tax on commercial spaces of malls and other office establishments if they provided free parking in their basements.Prominent among these establishments are DLF City Court shopping centre-cum-office, Grand Mall, Mega City Mall, Vipul Agora Mall and Solitaire Plaza Hotel on MG Road. Such establishments on?Sohna Road are JMD Megapolis, JMD Galleria and Ninex City Mart.?The idea of free parking would help reduce parking hazards on the roads too. People will straightaway enter basements and will never like to park a car on the road. It is a win-win situation for all,? said YS Gupta, additional municipal commissioner.Abhey Poonia, a Suncity resident, said, ?We appreciate the MCG for free parking arrangements in malls and offices. We wish every commercial establishment, including malls, used its basements for free parking. It would help resolve the parking problem to a great extent.?\r\nBharatiya Janata Party chief Amit Shah on Monday said he would not quit from the post of party President even if elected to the Rajya Sabha from Gujarat. "I am very happy with my job and discharging my responsibilities with full devotion," he added. Shah filed his nomination papers for the upcoming Rajya Sabha polls on Friday.\r\nBJP chief Amit Shah on Monday said he is happy being the party president and ruled out joining Narendra Modi-led NDA government at the Centre. Shah?s filing of nomination for the upcoming Rajya Sabha elections from Gujarat triggered speculation about him joining the Union ministry.The buzz about possible ministry expansion has been generated as many ministers are currently holding multiple crucial portfolios in the National Democratic Alliance government. Finance minister Arun Jaitley is holding the additional charge of the defence ministry since Manohar Parrikar left the government in April to take over as chief minister of Goa. M Venkaiah Naidu, who was holding information and broadcasting, urban development, housing and urban poverty alleviation portfolios, has been nominated as NDA?s candidate for the post of vice president creating more vacancies. Science and technology minister Harsh Vardhan is holding the additional environment portfolio since the demise of Anil Dave. There are talks that Shah, Modi?s closest confidant, was given the Rajya Sabha nomination to pave the way for his induction into the Union ministry. ?I am very happy with my job and discharging my responsibilities with full devotion, you don?t speculate,? a vividly relaxed Shah said while interacting with media persons on Monday, the concluding day of his three-day Lucknow visit. Shah also rubbished the allegations that under him the BJP is creating rifts in the Opposition ranks be it in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh or Gujarat. The Congress recently flew out a group of its MLAs from Gujarat  to Karnataka ahead of August 8 Rajya Sabha elections, accusing the BJP of trying to lure them. ?Accha chalo Gujarat mein toh hamari sarkaar hai, par inhoney Bengaluru mein kyon vidhayakon ko kamrey main band kar rakha hai (Ok, it?s a BJP government in Gujarat but why have they kept their MLAs confined to a room in Congress-ruled Karanataka?s capital Bengaluru,? Shah asked. ?Arrey bhai, wahan toh unhe ghoomney do (at least let them move freely there),? he said with a smile. He was flanked by UP chief minister Yogi Adityanath and deputy chief ministers Keshav Prasad Maurya and Dinesh Sharma. ?Hamne koi dal nahi toda hai (we have not broken any party),? he said, denying BJP had any role in the breakup of Bihar?s grand alliance?What could we do when Nitish Kumar himself decided to resign and sever ties with the RJD? Was I expected to stop him from doing so at the gun point? We did not have a hand in the developments there as Nitishji wasn?t interested in continuing with those accused of corruption,? Shah said, referring to recent change of political equation in Bihar. On Samajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav?s allegation that the BJP is indulging in ?political corruption? in UP by engineering resignations of his party MLCs, Shah said he wasn?t aware of any such move by the BJP. Asked if the SP MLCs, who recently left the party, would join the BJP and would get ?return gift? from him, he said, ?I don?t know whether they would be joining the BJP? The local unit might have planned something. But, as far as return gift is concerned, this is not BJP?s culture.?Several SP and BSP leaders had joined the BJP ahead of the 2017 assembly polls in UP and many of them were given tickets and are now ministers in Adityanath government. However, Shah said those leaders after quitting their parties had contested an election, there by indicating that his party had not poached on opposition lawmakers in the middle of their term.He denied any plan to induct disgruntled Samajwadi Party MLA Shivpal Yadav into the BJP. Shivpal and his nephew Akhilesh Yadav are the central characters in the bitter intra-party conflict in the SP. On the Babri Masjid-Ram Janmabhoomi land dispute in Ayodhya, Shah said his party is in favour of building a temple at the disputed site either through a court order or by creating a consensus on the issue. \r\nWhite House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been removed from his job within the first 10 days of his appointment. This comes after Scaramucci, a Harvard law graduate and former Wall Street financier, launched a foul-mouthed tirade against two of his senior colleagues at the White House last week. "The president felt his comments were inappropriate," Trump's spokeswoman said.\r\nDonald Trump hailed ?a great day at the White House? following the removal of communications director Anthony Scaramucci after just 10 days in a move that has only increased the sense of chaos at the heart of the Trump administration.His evening tweet came as Scaramucci was forced out following a turbulent series of media appearances over the last week by the combative former Wall Street financier, capped by a foul-mouthed tirade to a New Yorker journalist on Thursday.His shock political demise was precipitated by the appointment of former US marine Gen John Kelly as Donald Trump?s new chief of staff less than six hours earlier.?Anthony Scaramucci will be leaving his role as White House communications director,? said press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders in a statement on Monday afternoon. ?Mr Scaramucci felt it was best to give chief of staff John Kelly a clean slate and the ability to build his own team. We wish him all the best.?A great day at the White House!The decision to remove Scaramucci, nicknamed ?the Mooch?, came at Kelly?s request, the New York Times reported. His removal may take some pressure off Steve Bannon, the longtime Trump aide whose position has been under threat in recent weeks. Scaramucci made Bannon a target in his rant to the New Yorker and, in response, was the subject of repeatedly negative articles on Breitbart, the publication Bannon once ran.Scaramucci was hired on 21 July, months after the departure of Michael Dubke, who had struggled to craft a coherent communications strategy as the administration spun from one controversy to the next. Sean Spicer reportedly opposed the hiring of Scaramucci and resigned as White House press secretary the same day.Spicer was spotted by reporters in the West Wing apparently helping to shape the statement announcing Scaramucci?s removal from office.Scaramucci?s appointment was also reportedly opposed by chief of staff Reince Priebus, who immediately came under fire from the new communications chief for alleged leaks, and was forced out on Friday and replaced by Kelly. As his first act, Kelly in turn seems to have forced out Scaramucci.Asked if Scaramucci had any role now in the White House, the press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, told a media briefing: ?He does not have a role at this time.?Scaramucci, loyal and telegenic, was named White House communication director, a move that immediately prompted the resignation of press secretary Sean Spicer.Scaramucci\xa0spent his first Saturday on the job cleaning up his Twitter feed to remove historic tweets critical of the president and his agenda.'The Mooch', as he likes to be known, appeared on the Sunday morning politics TV shows. He promised to root out ?leakers? and said any he found would be fired.Scaramucci?s estranged wife, Deidre Ball, gave birth to their second child in New York. Scaramucci traveled on Air Force One with the president to the Boy Scouts annual jamboree.Thumbs up and smiles\xa0aboard\xa0Air Force One on the way to Ohio.Scaramucci dined at the White House with the president, the first lady, Fox News host Sean Hannity and former Fox News executive Bill Shine. After dinner, he placed a fateful call to New Yorker writer, Ryan Lizza...... The New Yorker\xa0published\xa0that conversation.The New York Post\xa0reported\xa0that Scaramucci?s infatuation with Trump was a catalyst for his wife?s decision to file for divorce while nine months pregnant. Meanwhile Trump\xa0announces on Twitter that Reince Priebus is out as chief of staff.Scaramucci watched as John Kelly was sworn in as the president?s new chief of staff. Hours later, the White House announced that Scaramucci was out as White House communications director, reportedly at the urging of Kelly.Turning to Scaramucci?s New Yorker interview, she said: ?The president felt his comments were inappropriate.?She would not say whether Scaramucci was fired or had resigned, but added that he had felt ?he did not want to burden Gen Kelly with that line of succession?.Kelly had been given full authority by the president over the White House staff and ?all staff will report to him?, she said.A Long Island native with an affinity for the spotlight, Scaramucci had long drawn comparisons to Trump himself. Both men have deep ties to New York, and Trump was said to admire Scaramucci?s unflinching loyalty.A graduate of Harvard law school and a former Goldman Sachs banker, Scaramucci founded the global hedge fund SkyBridge Capital in 2005, but sold it in 2017 in preparation for a role in the Trump administration. He founded the Salt conference, named after his company, which attracts big name speakers from Washington, Hollywood and Wall Street.Though Scaramucci became a critical fundraiser for the Trump campaign, it was not his first choice. Before the presidential campaign of 2012, Scaramucci expressed early support for Hillary Clinton. ?I hope she runs [in 2016], she is incredibly competent,? he apparently wrote in a deleted tweet from April 2012, according to screenshots published by the Daily Beast. He also called her ?the real deal.?But when the campaign actually arrived, he first donated to Wisconsin governor Scott Walker?s campaign until it collapsed, and then he joined Jeb Bush.Before he joined the Trump campaign, Scaramucci called Trump ?anti-American? and ?another hack politician?.?I?ll tell you who he?s gonna be president of, you can tell Donald I said this: the Queens County Bullies Association,? Scaramucci said during a segment on Fox Business in August 2015. ?You are an inherited-money dude from Queens County. Bring it.?After being hired by Trump, he deleted a number of his old tweets that contradicted the president?s policy positions.His most controversial moment during his short tenure as communications chief was undoubtedly his remarks to a New Yorker interviewer that the then-chief of staff, Reince Priebus, was ?a fucking paranoid schizophrenic? who would be asked to resign (he later was), and that Scaramucci was not like Steve Bannon, the chief strategist, because ?I?m not trying to suck my own cock?.The Washington Post reported that Kelly was ?dismayed? by the interview and found it ?abhorrent and embarrassing for the president?.Named director of communications after having been denied a White House role earlier, the New York financier and Republican fundraiser promptly\xa0threatened to fire everyone in his team\xa0over leaks. He also staged a combative and\xa0contradictory\xa0briefing room debut and talkshow tour; sought to bat away questions about\xa0suspiciously liberal pronouncements\xa0in his past and support for Trump?s Republican enemies;\xa0deleted tweets; warred openly with the former chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and seemingly forced him out; compared the struggle to take healthcare away from millions of Americans to\xa0Lincoln?s battle against slavery; poured obscene invective about leakers, Priebus and Steve Bannon\xa0down the phone to a New Yorker reporter; missed the birth of his son;\xa0saw his wife file for divorce; and was asked to resign.Trump?s first national security adviser ? one of four generals the president has employed ?\xa0resigned\xa0after it was revealed he misled Vice-President Mike Pence over his contacts with Russians during the election campaign. It was later reported that Yates had\xa0warned\xa0the White House Flynn was vulnerable to Russian blackmail.The most shocking firing of them all.\xa0Trump sacked his FBI director, by messenger rather than in person, as congressional and justice department investigations into links between Trump aides and Russia gathered pace. Lest anyone retain any doubt about why Trump pressed the big red button, he told NBC in a primetime interview the firing was tied to ?this Russia thing?. The reverberations will be felt for some time yet.The long-suffering but loyal surrogate for the president\xa0handed in his resignationin response to Scaramucci?s appointment. A Republican insider and Priebus ally, he never settled into the press secretary role after\xa0an infamous debut\xa0in which he angrily insisted Trump?s fantastic version of crowd sizes at the inauguration were true. Achieving by way of Melissa McCarthy?s\xa0lethal Saturday Night Live impression\xa0a somewhat dubious celebrity, his days at the White House were long rumoured to be numbered. His departure on a point of principle having seemingly been justified only 10 days later, he may now claim a sort of hollow vindication.The former Republican National Committee chair stayed loyal ? at least in public ? to Trump through Friday,\xa0when he was told his time was up. He stayed loyal after handing in his resignation too, rhapsodising about the president and his mission in interviews with CNN and, of course, Fox News. But it seemed Priebus?s card had alway been marked, less over his initial blocking of Scaramucci, which enraged the Mooch, or by his closeness to the House speaker, Paul Ryan, than by his private advice to Trump to quit the presidential race after 8 October, when the infamous Access Hollywood ?Gropegate? tape was published. The Washington Post reported that Priebus was thus never considered a member of the ?Oct 8th coalition?, a name for the inner cabal of Trumpites who have never wavered, however low their boss?s reputation has sunk.Chinese conglomerate HNA Group is currently in negotiations to buy SkyBridge Capital. Scaramucci announced the sale at the World Economic Forum in Davos in January, which was meant to free him of potential conflicts of interest before an official appointment.But that sale ? believed to be worth $250m ? is being held back pending a government review, reportedly by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, the agency charged with evaluating the impact on America?s national security of the sales of US businesses.Scaramucci?s wife Deirdre filed for divorce recently while nine months pregnant with their second child. Scaramucci missed the birth last Monday because he was traveling with Trump on Air Force One.The firing met with some swift praise on Capitol Hill. Carlos Curbelo, a moderate Republican from Florida who did not support Trump in 2016, tweeted: ?General Kelly is 1 for 1. Let?s keep it going,? tweeted Curbelo.Trump tweeted this morning: ?Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, SC: no WH chaos!?Additional reporting by Dominic Rushe in New York\r\nAn 18-year-old from Bareilly was detained on Sunday for carrying three live bullets in his bag at Delhi's Kailash Colony Metro station. The bullets were detected by a CISF personnel when his bag was being screened in the X-ray machine. He was handed over to the police for not having a government-issued document for possessing arms and ammunitions.\r\nAn 18-year-old man was apprehended on Sunday for allegedly carrying three live bullets in his bag while entering a Delhi metro station, a senior officer said.The officer involved in metro security said that the incident was reported around noon at the Kailash colony metro station when a CISF personnel detected bullet-like objects in a bag being screened at the X-ray machine.The bag belonged to a man identified as Jitendra Kumar (18), a resident of Bareilly in Uttar Pradesh.Three live bullets of 7.62 calibre were recovered from the bag, the officer said.Kumar was handed over to police after he failed to furnish any government issued document for possessing arms and ammunition, he said, adding that carrying arms and ammunition in the Delhi metro is banned under the law.\r\nMinister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju while discussing the recent incidents of mob lynching in Parliament said, "Do you want the PM should break the federal structure and take over state machinery?" The statement which led to an uproar in the Parliament came after Congress MP Mallikarjun Kharge criticised the PM for not talking about the issue enough. \r\nCharges and counter charges flew in the Lok Sabha on Monday over the issue of lynchings, with the Opposition parties targeting the Modi government and the ruling side asserting that it was the responsibility of the state governments to deal with such crimes.During the discussion, Congress MP Mallikarjun Kharge criticised the Prime Minister for not talking about the issue enough and listed the various incidents of lynchings across the country.  BJP?s Hukmdev Narayan Yadav defended the government?s response and, referring to political killings  in Kerala, questioned why only certain incidents were considered lynchings.In the Rajya Sabha, after initial uproar  over the alleged kidnapping of MLAs by police in Gujarat, the house adjourned briefly before resuming Question Hour.Congress? Madhusudhan Mistry alleged that his party MLAs were being ?kidnapped? and offered ?Rs 10-15 crore? with a view to influence their vote in the August 8 elections to send three members from the state to the Rajya Sabha.Here are the highlights: 6:30 pm: Lok Sabha adjourned for the day.6:29 pm:?The more you are raising the issue, the veil of the opposition is getting unveiled. The more you try to defame us, the more the Opposition gets defames: Kiren Rijiju6:23 pm: Mother Teresa was not allowed to enter Arunachal Pradesh during Congress rule. If there has been one instance of persecution of Christians in Arunachal Pradesh after our rule, I?ll resign: Kiren Rijiju6:13 pm: Mob lynching is the worst form of crime, it should be condemned universally. Why do you raise selective issue. Previously it was intolerance, then award-wapsi, freedom of expression: Rijiju. 6:08 pm: Do you want the PM should break the federal structure and take over state machinery: Rijiju during lynching debate.6:04 pm: There is a trend in the country, the highest number of atrocities in India have taken place against scheduled castes: Rijiju.5:55 pm: Uproar in Lok Sabha during Kiren Rijiju?s statement.5:50 pm: Kiren Rijiju says issued advisory to every state that strong action should be taken against incident of mob lynching.5:45 pm: Asaduddin Owaisi says the instances of mob lynching will continue as this government promotes religion as an ideology.Is cow protection an essential part of Hinduism? asks Owaisi. Stop the shadow army. Our battle is against Hindutva and not Hinduism: Owaisi5:32 pm: When we should be discussion about digital India, it is sad irony that we are discussing about mob lynching:?Indian Union Muslim League  MP PK KunhalikuttyWe are discussing a fundamental principle of secularism that we should uphold, it is sad, says Kunhalikutty.5:20 pm: There seems to be a different between the words and action of Prime Minister: Mohammad Asrarul HaqueModi govt doesn?t only seem listen but also helpless. People who have skull cap and beard, women in burkha are today scared to step outside in public, he says.  5:18 pm: RJD MP?Jay Prakash Narayan Yadav say, ?The person who doesn?t differentiate between human and animal, there is a devil inside him.?5:08 pm: BJP?MP Prahlad Joshi talks about attack on BJP?MPs in West Bengal. Evokes sharp reaction from opposition members for not mentioning death of other people.4:39 pm: Maharashtra MP Supriya Sule says we should send a message as a uniform Parliament that we condemn lynching.?Yoga Day message should be about ahimsa and not just about surya namaskar,? she says.?The person who killed Junaid is out on bail. We should make regulation that someone who has killed someone shouldn?t be out on bail,? says the NCP?lawmaker. 4:29 pm: Mohammad Salim of CPI-M says the gathering of mob has a historical, political, psychological  aspect. There is a long history and it is not a spur of the moment occurrence. 4:17 pm: TDP?MP?from Guntur, Jayadev Galla, says mob violence, ?shows of strength in numbers, majority rule mentality and doesn?t have place in a peaceful society.? He says cow violence has reached an alarming proportion.... And it can?t be isolated into BJP or non-BJP?states.4:12 pm: Arvind Ganpat Sawant, MP?from Mumbai-South speaks on lynching. ?If there is hate, some say they are going perpetrate double the amount of hate,? he says.3: 55 pm: Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav says, ?Exploitation of and atrocities against women is high. It should end in the family first. Then it will stop in your locality, village and cities.? 3:45 pm: BJP?MP Hukumdev Narayan Yadav claims majority of Muslims in India are descendants of Hindus, PTI?reports.3:35 pm: BJD?s Tathagata Satpathy says, ?The gau rakshaks don?t know that more than half the cows in India are Jersey cows. Not their mother. They should recognise their mother.It?s sad if we can?t recognise our own mother.?Satpathy wonders why nobody is bothered about indigenous breeds of cows. 3:18 pm: AIADMK?s Dr K Gopal calls the situation of rising violence against minorities is worrisome. He names lynching incidents and says that the issue of beef is polarising.3:15pm: Kharge responds to Paswan?s comments there was no ?josh? in his speech. ?If you had an operation, you wouldn?t even be able to get up,? Kharge says.3:10 pm: Paswan targets CPI and asks why the killing of 6 people during its rule was not called ?a ?riot?.Paswan says the House needs to pass a resolution to condemn incidents of lynchings. ?Whenever something like this takes place, all chief ministers must ensure perpetrator is arrested and investigation begins within 24 hours.?3:05 pm: ?PM Modi has never mentioned Babri Masjid or Ayodhya or Article 370. He only speaks of development,? says Paswan.3:00 pm: Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan says, ?The Prime Minister has condemned these incidents twice. Do you want him to send in the army when such incidents happen??2:55 pm:  Quiet resumes as Roy speaks again. He says he has a few suggestions. ?In the IPC and the CrPC, lynching not defined. We need a new and exclusive law on protecting against lynching,? Roy says.2:54 pm: Uproar as MPs yell at each other across the aisle. 2:53 pm: BJP?s SS Ahluwalia lashes out, ?Strike this from the record. This is unfair. He must also bring the source of his information here and validate. Only then should he be allowed to talk further.?2:50 pm:  Roy compares the killing of Muslims to the targeted killing of African-Americans by Ku Klux Klan in the US. ?In 23 attacks, the attackers were from Bajrang Dal and Hindu groups,? he says.Roy says, ?Yeh sab bandar hai! (These groups are the BJP?s monkeys.)? Uproar as MPs call the comment ?unparliamentary?.2:45 pm: Kiren Rijiju interrupts Roy, asking him on what basis he was making these claims.2:37 pm: TMC?s Saugata Roy speaks and clarifies he does not want to talk about general mob violence but bovine-related mob violence. Between 2010 anmd 2017, 63 people were killed in cow-related incidents of mob violence, Roy says.?I don?t want to bring Hindu-Muslim into this but 97% of these killings took place after Narendra Modi came to power. 86% were Muslims. I want to ask members of the ruling party, you say you want Congress-mukt Bharat. Do you want Muslim-mukt Bharat??Roy says 52% of the killings took place in BJP ruled states.2:30 pm: Yadav cites Ram Mohair Lohaia?s example, saying he was a socialist who didn?t believe in Gods but knew prevalence of Hindu culture and traditions, and respected it.2:26 pm:  Yadav says, ?The ancestors of the Muslims were Hindus. Therefore the gods, the culture and traditions are also their?s. They must think about this.?2:20 pm: Debate resumes in Lok?Sabha. Yadav continues his speech. 2:15pm: Social Justice and Empowerment Minister Thawarchand Gehlot begins the debate. Congress? BK Hariprasad says Opposition is not happy with the way government pushes Bills in the Parliament.2:00 pm: Rajya Sabha takes up Constitution (123rd) Amendment Bill, 2017 and National Commission for Backward Classes (Repeal) Bill, 2017.1:15 pm: Lok Sabha adjourned till 2:15 pm for lunch. Yadav to speak for five more minutes after that.1:14 pm: Yadav says, ?Muslims must learn to live with Hindus respecting their culture and traditions.?1:12 pm: ?Why is it wrong to say Vande Mataram these days? Is this not mob lynching?? Yadav asks.1:10 pm: In the Lok Sabha, Yadav attacks the Congress saying,?You have done dharmik atyachar, samajik atyachar, mansik atyachar, arthik atyachar and ruined the country.?1:05 pm: In Rajya Sabha, Question Hour concludes. House adjourned till 2 pm for lunch.1:03 pm: Yadav says, ?The Junaid incident was a fight over a train seat. Why are you linking it with religion? What about the killings in Kerala? Are we not human? Are they not lynchings because they are not Muslims??1:00 pm: Yadav asks,??Is the mob lynching of DSP Ayub Pandith in J&K not an incident worth mentioning??12:57 pm: Yadav says, ?The PM himself has condemned the mob incidents repeatedly. It?s upto states to follow law. Centre can?t send paramilitary forces there on its own.?12:55 pm: BJP?s Hukmdev Narayan Yadav says government has been addressing the issue and taking action. He asks why the Opposition is questioning the government?s intention.12:50 pm: Kharge concludes with,?Duniya mein sab ka yahi hai kehna, Shanti aur chain se zinda rehna...Let us be Hindustan and not Lynchistan.?Two hours were alloted for the discussion. Kharge spoke for over 35 minutes.12:47 pm:  ?This government is imposing itself on what a person can eat and who one can love,? says Kharge.12: 45 pm:  Parliamentary Affairs Minister Ananth Kumar interrupts Kharge for mentioning a former President?s name citing rule 352.Kumar says, ?Kharge must validate all the documents he is reading from. Every state government has taken action against each of these incidents. He is misleading the House.?12: 36 pm: BJP benches raise a ruckus. Speaker warns Kharge about duration of his speech.12:34 pm: Kharge quotes a BJP leader as saying that there was ?no regret over the death of Pehlu Khan because he was a cow smuggler.?12:32 pm: BJP members protests reported facts being read out by Kharge. 12:30 pm: In the Lok Sabha discussion, Kharge says, ?The Prime Minister has not spoken about the killings on his Mann Ki Baat programme.?12:28 pm: Meanwhile, first two questions in the Rajya Sabha are about MNREGA.12:26 pm: Kharge mentions incidents in Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh. He says he is only listing them.12:24 pm: Nishikant Dubey of BJP says, ?The cases of violence Mr.Kharge is mentioning are already in the courts, so why is he saying all this? He cannot speak about these cases.?12:22 pm:  The Lok Sabha has begun a short-duration discussion on lynchings and mob violence. Mallikarjun Kharge of Congress says, ?There?s a feeling of threat in many states, especially because of fringe groups. Incidents of lynching and mob violence are not under control. Taking matters into one?s hands and exercising violence or killing another is unacceptable.??The government is indirectly encouraging groups like the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, Bajrang Dal and gau bhakts,? Kharge says.12:12 pm: Lok Sabha postpones Zero Hour to end of the day.12:07 pm: Question hour ends in Lok Sabha. Speaker dismisses all adjournment notices. Arun Jaitley introduced all the Bills listed today.12:02 pm: Chair praises MPs for not exceeding time alloted to them and allowing him to wrap up all notices to end Zero Hour on time.12:00 pm: Issues raised in the Upper House include changes in NET, impact of demonetisation, transaction on BHIM app and privatisation of Railways. 11:45 pm: Rajya Sabha returns from adjournment. Zero Hours resumes. 11:30 pm: MPs protest in the well in Rajya Sabha. Congress creates ruckus over alleged kidnapping of MLAs by police in Gujarat. House adjourned for 10 minutes.11:20 am: Zero Hour in Rajya Sabha. Congress? Madhusudan Mistry raises issue of Gujarat MLAs resignations.11:05 am: Question hour in Lok Sabha.10:40 am:Bills to be introduced in Lok Sabha todayThe Central Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu and Kashmir) Bill, 2017The Integrated Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu and Kashmir) Bill, 2017The Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Amendment Bill 2017 Bills for consideration and passing today:The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Amendment) Bill, 2017The Banking Reguation (Amendment) Bill, 2017The Indian Institute of Petroleum and Energy Bill, 2017Bills for consideration and passing in Rajya Sabha todayThe Constitution (123rd Amendment) Bill, 2017The National Commission for Backward Classes (Repeal) Bill, 2017The Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (Amendment) Bill,2017\r\nThe Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) has given the Centre 10 days to intervene in the ongoing agitation for the separate state of Gorkhaland, failing which it threatened to intensify the protests. "An indefinite shutdown is going on for the last 47 days. The Centre can't just sit idle when the hills are burning," GJM leaders said. \r\nThe Gorkha Janamukti Morcha has given a ten-day deadline to the Centre to intervene in the Gorkhaland statehood stir as the indefinite shutdown in the hills entered its 47th day on Monday.?We have given a ten-day deadline to the Union government to intervene. An indefinite shutdown is going on for the last 47 days. The Centre can?t just sit idle when the hills are burning,? GJM assistant general secretary Binay Tamang told reporters on Sunday night.The 30-member Gorkhaland Movement Coordination Committee (GMCC), a body of all the hill parties of Darjeeling, is in Delhi for an all-party meeting.The GMC has sought an appointment with Union Home minister Rajnath Singh to brief him on the ongoing crisis in the hills.?We have sought a meeting with Union home minister Rajnath Singh in order to brief him on the ongoing crisis in the hills. The indefinite shutdown has entered its 47th day, which is the longest-ever shutdown in the history of Darjeeling. The Centre needs to take concrete action,? Bharatiya Gorkha Parisangh president Sukhman Moktan told PTI.The police and security forces patrolled the streets of the hills and kept a tight vigil at all entry and exit routes.Normal life remained crippled during the indefinite strike to press for a separate Gorkhaland state. Barring medicine shops, business establishments, restaurants, hotels, schools and colleges remained closed.\r\nThe Maharashtra government is planning to introduce cycling tracks along the arterial roads of 10 cities including Pune, Nagpur, Nashik, and Latur, reports said. A four-member committee has been constituted for designing the cycling track routes. "The cycling tracks will not only reduce traffic, but will also considerably lessen environmental pollution," a Public Works Department official said. \r\n The state government has planned to implement cycling tracks along the arterial roads in 10 leading cities of the state. The government has decided to take up a pilot project in these cities and later extend it across the state based on the response. The state public works department will test the project, dubbed ?streets with cycle tracks? in Pune, Nagpur, Nashik, Amravati, Chandrapur, Kolhapur, Solapur, Latur, Aurangabad and Jalgaon, on roads under the department?s jurisdiction. The government has also formed a four-member committee under the chairmanship of the state?s additional director general of police, traffic, to steer the project. The committee will identify arterial roads where cycle tracks can be set up depending on the availability of space and the scope for cycling. It will also have to design the routes for these tracks and plan any other requirements or alterations to the traffic flow on the roads hosting the cycle tracks, an official from the state public works department said.Read: Is Mumbai ready for cycle tracks? Bandra tells a different storyHe said, ?Currently, there is a lack of any infrastructure for cyclists. A number of these cities have industrial areas where labourers come to work from a distance of nearly 7-8km. If we better equip our roads, even they can use bicycles to commute to their workplaces. It will not only reduce traffic, but will also considerably lessen environmental pollution.?Some of the previous efforts at creating cycling tracks and promoting bicycles have failed miserably owing to lack of proper planning and maintenance. Most cycling tracks of the 123-km network in Pune that the civic body created under the erstwhile Congress-led government?s Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission are in a bad shape. Similarly, a 13-km cycling track, costing Rs6.5 crore, in Mumbai?s Bandra Kurla Complex had absolutely no takers and had to be dismantled within five years.The state?s proposed urban transport policy, its first attempt at listing out goals for sustainable non-motorised transport, also lays emphasis on development of cycling as one of the main modes of commuting. It calls for planning and prioritising projects to make 80% of all trips in a city possible by walking, cycling or public transport.The civic bodies of some of the cities that the state government has picked in its pilot project have also been planning cycling projects. The Nashik Municipal Corporation has made a provision in its development plan to build 120km of cycling tracks in the city, while the Nagpur civic body is mulling over a public bicycle sharing system. The Pune Municipal Corporation, too, is planning to build 300km of cycling tracks in the city.Read: Cycle of change: Mumbai?s biking communities are making the bicycle popular again\r\nSeveral copies of Rado watches, sunglasses, and cameras worth ?10 crore were seized on Thursday by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence at Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport. While original Rado watches cost over ?1 lakh, the copies seized were meant to be sold in the market for ?4,000-5,000. The consignment from China was to be received in Delhi.\r\nThey look like premium Rado watches at first glance, only they are not. Several first copies of the high-end watches were seized by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence  at cargo complex of Delhi?s Indira Gandhi International Airport (IGIA). The watches were part of a consignment coming from China. The consignment also carried huge quantity of cameras, sunglasses and mobile accessories worth Rs 10 crore.Original Rado watches cost over a lakh and the copes seized by DRI were meant to be sold in the market for Rs 4,000-5,000. ?Based on a specific input, we intercepted a consignment at the cargo complex. Though the sender had declared it as cosmetics and other daily use items, when opened, watches, shoes, pen drives, memory cards and other mobile accessories were found in huge quantities,? a DRI official said.The seizure was made on Thursday, but the DRI is still counting the number of watches and evaluation is on. ?Though it is a first copy, the demand is huge in Indian market. One watch can be sold from Rs 4,000 to Rs 10,000. There are different models,? the official added. DRI is now trying to trace the smuggler who wrongly declared the content. The consignment had come from China and was to be received in Delhi. DRI is trying to trace the receiver through the details given in the consignment. Officials said other items in the consignment, including shoes and sunglasses, seem to be original but DRI is taking help of the companies to check their originality.\r\nChhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh on Sunday announced that ambulance service for cows will be started in 10 districts of the state over the next few months. He also urged people to support organic farming and biogas in order to promote a cow-based economy. Earlier this year, Singh had said that anyone found killing cows in Chhattisgarh will be hanged.\r\n\xa0The Chhattisgarh government will begin an ambulance service for cows, chief minister Raman Singh said, joining a number of BJP-ruled states to put a stronger focus on protection of the animal that is considered sacred by Hindus.The service will be started in ten districts in the next few months, Singh said, addressing a programme organised by the state?s commission for protection of cows at Pandit Ravi Shankar University on Sunday.Protecting cows and promoting products derived from them has been in focus since the rise of the Bharatiya Janata Party with the election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi three years ago, at times being seen as a factor that has emboldened vigilante ?gau rakshaks? who have killed and attacked people. The Uttar Pradesh government announced a similar service, as did a particular district in Madhya Pradesh over the last year. Raman Singh did not elaborate on how much the scheme will cost.On Sunday, Singh urged people to use panchagavya ? a concoction prepared by mixing constituents derived directly and indirectly from cows such as dung, urine, milk, curd and ghee ? and help promote the cow-based economy. ?Organic farming and biogas can help promote a cow-based economy,? Singh said. Singh had in April said that anyone found killing cows in Chhattisgarh will be hanged, suggesting a radical shift in plans to protect the bovine.Under the Chhattisgarh Pashu Krurata Adhiniyam, cow slaughter and transporting beef is banned. Anyone found guilty faces up to seven years in jail and a fine of Rs 50,000 or both.\r\nOusted AAP minister Kapil Mishra released a sting operation on Monday alleging that the Kejriwal government is involved in a CNG kit scam. Aam Aadmi Sena members reportedly took a leaking cylinder to four CNG checking centres across Delhi and got it cleared. Mishra has given an ultimatum of 4 days for the Delhi government to respond.\r\nRebel Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Kapil Mishra today released a sting operation and alleged that the Delhi government is involved in a CNG kit scam."There are 20 lakh CNG users in the national capital - from taxi services to school buses, autos and even the cars people drive. Delhi stands on a ticking time bomb and this is not possible without the hand of the Delhi government," said Kapil Mishra.Members of the Aam Aadmi Sena (AAS) took a leaking cylinder to four different compressed natural gas checking centres across the national capital and in all four centres they managed to get a pass certificate for the leaking cylinder. The cylinder failed the hydrostatic stretch test specially done for the compressed gas cylinders but they still got certificates to use the cylinder."We have brought up the matter with the LG. We are sure he will take the needful action," said AAS president Prabhat Kumar."We have given the Delhi government four days. If nothing is done within the next four days then we will take to the streets with various transport unions," said Mishra.\r\nCalling Venezuela's recent Constituent Assembly election a "sham", US Ambassador Nikki Haley said that Venezuela is heading towards a dictatorship. Haley also threatened strong and swift action against the "architects of authoritarianism" in Venezuela. She added that the US stands by Venezuelans and their constitutional representatives to restore their country to a full and prosperous democracy.\r\nThe United States has vowed to take strong and swift action against the ?architects of authoritarianism? in Venezuela after protesters and security forces fought deadly street battles during voting for President Nicol\xe1s Maduro?s controversial constitutional assembly.?The United States stands by the people of Venezuela, and their constitutional representatives, in their quest to restore their country to a full and prosperous democracy,? the US State Department said in a statement. ?We will continue to take strong and swift actions against the architects of authoritarianism in Venezuela, including those who participate in the national constituent assembly as a result of today?s flawed election,? it said. Many voters decided against taking part in an election the opposition said would turn the country into a full-fledged dictatorship.As many as 14 people died in the protests, according to opposition leader Henrique Capriles, and the prosecutor?s office confirmed at least six people were killed by gunfire, including one national guardsman. Seven policemen were wounded in an explosion in the opposition stronghold neighbourhood of Altamira.However, the leader of the ruling socialist party, Jorge Rodriguez, said there was ?not one death related to the voting process today?, underscoring the contrasting versions of the day presented by the two clashing sides.Nikki Haley, the US ambassador to the United Nations, tweeted: ?Maduro?s sham election is another step toward dictatorship.?Maduro?s sham election is another step toward dictatorship. We won't accept an illegit govt. The Venezuelan ppl & democracy will prevail.An official report of a ?positive? election process by the National Electoral Council contrasted with continued reports of clashes and widespread abstention as people either heeded opposition calls for a boycott or feared getting caught up in street clashes.The council extended voting for one hour, claiming many who had wanted to casttheir vote earlier had been unable to do so.Maduro was among the first to vote shortly after polls opened at 6am. ?The first vote for peace,? he said afterwards. But throughout the day, turnout at polling stations was low for the election of 545 members of an assembly that would be tasked with rewriting the constitution and would have sweeping powers to reform or dissolve other state institutions, including the opposition controlled parliament.In the working-class district of Petare, where many residents said they had been threatened with losing government subsidies or jobs if they did not vote, few people turned out to vote. But at the Poliedro sporting arena, where Caracas residents who were unable to reach their designated polling centre were permitted to cast their votes, voters described huge crowds standing in line. For Maria Alejandra Avila, a lawyer , the election was a manifestation of ?the self?determination of a free and sovereign people?.The constituent assembly has been heavily criticised by foreign government including from the United States, the UK and neighbouring Colombia. On Sunday, Peru and Argentina said they would not recognise the outcome of the vote.Security forces blocked protesters from gathering for a planned mass demonstration using teargas to disperse the crowd, witnesses said. A small group of protesters blocked access to some of the voting places.?The oppressive forces didn?t allow us to even get to the meeting point,? said protester Emilia L\xf3pez, 23. ?It is frustrating that they try to keep us quiet with bombs.?Opposition leader Mar\xeda Corina Machado told reporters that this moment was the beginning of a new phase for Venezuela.The defence minister, Vladimir Padrino L\xf3pez, told reporters that a 130,000-strong security force was ?actively containing? flareups across the country, adding that as many as 100 voting machines had been destroyed.Security cordons were set up around each voting centre and reporters were not allowed beyond that point to witness people casting their votes. After more than four months of protests sparked by the pro-government supreme court decision to strip the opposition-controlled parliament of its legislative powers, the government banned protests ahead of Sunday?s vote. Maduro has said the assembly will help bring peace to the politically split country, but the opposition, and increasingly the international community, have warned that it will only serve for Maduro and the ruling socialist party to tighten their grip on power. The new assembly will be convened within 72 hours of the election and will function with virtually unlimited powers. Maduro and his closest allies have vowed to use the assembly to jail key opposition leaders, remove the country?s outspoken chief prosecutor from her post and strip opposition legislators of their constitutional immunity.Polls show that Maduro, successor to Hugo Ch\xe1vez, who set the country on a socialist path, has only about a 20-point approval rating and that 70% of Venezuelans do not want the constitution of 1999 rewritten.Maduro said on Saturday that the assembly would act as a ?superpower (...) above and beyond every other?. The assembly, he said in a television address ahead of the vote, will be empowered to strip opposition legislators of immunity from prosecution. ?The right wing already has its prison cell waiting,? the president said.Maduro accused right-wing governments of trying to sabotage ?21st century socialism?.The US imposed targeted sanctions against 13 current and former officials close to the government last week and has primed further measures if the assembly vote was held, which may affect Venezuela?s oil industry, one of the few economic lifelines left in the country. Under Maduro, elected after Ch\xe1vez?s death from cancer in 2013, the once buoyant oil-based economy plunged into crisis crippling the social programs Chavez had set up for Venezuela?s poor majority. Price controls brought widespread food and medicine shortages and spiralling inflation, as well as unbridled violence, driving millions of Venezuelans to leave the country.Additional reporting by Ana Sofia Romero in Caracas   \r\nActor Akshay Kumar has said that talking about toilets is still considered a taboo in India. He added, "It's also about the mindset. In places where I've gone, I heard people saying, 'We don't do it (defecate) in the same house where we cook food'. But how can they openly defecate on the field, from where the food is coming?"\r\nAkshay Kumar, whose forthcoming movie Toilet Ek Prem Katha stresses on the importance of building toilets and ending open defecation, hopes the film changes people's mindset about this "taboo topic in Indian society".Akshay said in an interaction with the media, "Talks on toilet are still taboo in India. I remember when I had to say a dialogue in the film which is, 'Ab biwi ghar aaye na aye, sundaas to laakar hi chhodunga is gaon mein', people were rethinking if I should say it or not. But as an individual, I think it is necessary... I mean who does not go to the toilet?"However, he is hopeful that things will change."Our youth is very strong minded. They understand the necessity of using the toilet. Some people are starting to talk about it, which is great... It means awareness has been created. See, it is also about the mindset. In places where I have gone, I heard people saying, 'We don't do it (defecate) in the same house where we cook food'. But how can they openly defecate on the field, from where the food is coming? Government is doing its part (by sanctioning public toilets)... People should also take a step," said the Airlift actor.Directed by Shree Narayan Singh, Toilet Ek Prem Katha also features Bhumi Pednekar, and is releasing on August 11 this year.Considering the fact that the Hindi film industry is going through a rough patch and that footfalls in theatres are decreasing, Akshay was asked if ticket price is one of the reasons behind that. He said, "But then regional films and Hollywood films are doing well. If the ticket price is not affecting their business, then why ours? Maybe content is responsible then."Whether it is Airlift, Rustom, Jolly LLB 2 and even Toilet Ek Prem Katha, Akshay is acting in stories that project realism.Asked if that is a strategy, the National Award-winning actor said, "If you are talking about issue-based stories like Toilet Ek prem Katha, I think being a successful actor by the grace of God, if my association gives the film a better mileage and if the story intrigued me, I do it. I got to know from research statistics that one child dies every five minutes in our country because of open defecation. Do you understand the intensity of the issue? That apart, if there's any story that is interesting, I do it."Toilet Ek Prem Katha is Akshay Kumar's second release in 2017, after Jolly LLB 2 that hit the screens this Holi. Kumar was honoured with the Best Actor title at the National Film Awards this year, for his work in last year's Rustom.\r\nThree top professors at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) Delhi resigned over the last six months for better pay packages. "In last three years, approximately 17 young faculty members have resigned because of poor salary and non-availability of accommodation," a faculty member said. Notably, Assistant Professors' existing pay band and grade pay at AIIMS is ?15,900-?39,100.\r\nThe All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), the country's premier institute in the field of medicine, is finding it difficult to retain talent. Three top professors have left the faculty for greener pastures over the last six months, a development which insiders say is unprecedented in AIIMS history.Dr BS Sharma, senior professor from neuro-surgery, who was a member of AIIMS faculty for more than 25 years, has joined a private medical institute in Jaipur while another professor from the department, Dr Sumit Sinha has moved to Paras Hospitals, a super speciality medicare chain. Dr Sinha served AIIMS for over a decade. The third one to leave is Dr Pravash Mishra from hematology department, who has joined Max Healthcare."The migration of faculty has severely affected key areas of healthcare like liver transplantation services, renal transplantation, high quality paediatric medicine and general medicine services," noted the Faculty Association of AIIMS (FAAIIMS) in a letter sent to director Randeep Guleria on July 25. Mail Today has a copy of the letter.The FAAIIMS has also sent their demands to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union health minister JP Nadda, requesting them to take action to stem the migration.Reacting to the issue and the letter sent to health ministry, Union health secretary CK Mishra said, "AIIMS doctors get salaries which is very different from other government hospitals. However, the ministry is looking into the matter."FIRST TIME"It has never happened in the history of AIIMS," a senior faculty member, speaking on the condition of anonymity, told Mail Today."These top doctors are migrating from AIIMS as they are not getting appropriate salaries, suitable accommodation and have administrative issues. The worrying part is that in some of the departments where the faculty faces the brain drain, the waiting list of patients stretches till 2019-2020.""Not just the veteran but even the younger faculty is getting distraught with the functioning of the institution."In last three years, approximately 17 young faculty members have resigned because of poor salary and non-availability of accommodation," the faculty member said.The FAAIIMS letter also points out that senior most faculty members "get no promotion for 15 to 20 years". This translates into static or slow raise in their incomes."An assistant professor's existing pay band and grade pay is Rs 15,600-39,100 with minimum scale of Rs 30,000."Suppose, this pay-band gets him a take-home amount of Rs 1 lakh. If the same doctor applies to a private institution, particularly with AIIMS experience, he is likely to get three times of his current pay. Why would he stay on?"NEW PAY BANDS"We want that the new faculty which is coming should be given pay band 4 so that they straightway come to the new level 13. With this, AIIMS can attract bright faculty for the future," said another senior member of AIIMS faculty.The Seventh Pay Commission recommendations are yet to be implemented for the AIIMS faculty. At present, it has been enforced only for staff group B, C and D.In February this year, a committee was formed for the implementation of revised pay rules and the matter was discussed that pay scale should be made higher and new allowances should be given to the faculty.ALSO READ |\xa0\r\nA 190-year-old temple in Mumbai's Byculla has installed a 37.5-kilowatt rooftop solar system with 115 panels which will enable it to cut down its annual electricity bill by ?8 lakh. The temple management will reportedly install more panels by the end of this year. Notably, about 20 religious institutions in Mumbai have switched to solar power.\r\nA 190-year-old Jain temple at Byculla is the latest addition to the growing list of religious and educational institutions and housing societies, who are harnessing solar energy for an eco-friendly future. Sheth Motisha Jain Temple, spread across two acres, installed a 37.5 kilo-watt (KW) power rooftop solar system with 115 panels earlier this month, which will help the management save Rs8 lakh on electricity bills annually. The system will power lights and fans along the pathways, bhojanalaya (mess), storerooms and guest accommodations for devotees. The trustees who  took up the initiative claimed theirs was first temple in Byculla to which harnessed solar energy. ?With soaring temperatures, electricity consumption has increased. This electricity is generated at plants that use coal, gas or oil to generate electricity. The process releases harmful chemicals into the air and adds to the pollution,? said Kiranrajji Mangalilalji Shah, chairperson, Sheth Motisha Jain Religious and Charitable Trust. He added,?Each system has advantages and disadvantages, but renewable resources do not exploit any exhaustible resources. So we decided to rely on solar energy to produce electricity.? So far, about 20 religious institutions in the city have switched to solar power.Other trust members added that more panels will be installed by the year-end. ?The present installation is the first phase of the project. Our aim is to convert the entire campus into solar power zone. We are happy to give something back to the society and achieve our goal of maintaining an environmental balance,? said Jagdishchandra Chandulalji Mehta, managing trustee. The setup installed atop the building, which provides lodging facilities to devotees, on the temple premises on average generates 160 kilowatt hour (kWh) electricity per day. A Mumbai house with two bedrooms, on an average, uses 8 to 10 kWh electricity daily. ?We first want to test the system for three months before installing more panels in the phase II. During summers, the power generated is expected to be much more. We are using two German inverters to produce electricity in the first phase,? said Partth Kothari, company partner, Appsolar LLP, a private company that installed the project. The trust has also installed a net-metering system, which allows surplus power generated by solar to be exported back to the grid and any deficiency is imported from the grid. ?The benefits will be reflected every month in the temple?s electricity bills,? said Ghaverchandji Jivrajji Sanghvi, trustee, adding that the trust spent Rs 26 lakh to install the system with the help of donations from devotees. ?We expect to recover this in the next three years.?In the phase II of the project, the trust wants to convert the entire temple area into a green zone by planting fruiting trees along the periphery and within the temple complex.Satish Gavai, additional chief secretary, state environment department, said, ?We congratulate the different religious groups that have come forward and adopted renewable energy means to produce electricity. Religion can be one of the strongest sources of motivation for people to adopt green practices. These initiatives will encourage devotees to adopt such practices and contribute towards protecting the environment.? \r\nQuoting BJP idealogue Deen Dayal Upadhyaya, Bihar BJP MP Hukumdev Narayan Yadav on Monday claimed that majority of Muslims in India are descendants of Hindus, and added both communities should respect each other's sentiments. Pointing out that freedom fighters like Maulana Azad used to sing 'Vande Mataram', he said it has now become a crime to sing the national song.\r\nMajority of Muslims in India are descendants of Hindus, a BJP member claimed in the Lok Sabha on Monday, asking both the communities to respect each other?s sentiment.Participating in a debate on lynchings, Hukumdev Narayan Yadav slammed the opposition for targeting the central government over incidents of lynchings, saying Prime Minister Narendra Modi has repeatedly come out strongly against such acts.He raised the issue of killing of RSS workers in Kerala, which is ruled by the Left Front.Yadav asserted that the responsibility of containing mob violence is that of the state governments.He said ?certain demons? have put on ?holy garb? to defame the government, likening it to an episode in the Ramayana.?Some people are indulging in terror (atankvadi) activities to defame the government,? the BJP member said and slammed the Congress for questioning the intention of the Modi government.Yadav, the MP from Madhubani in Bihar, said a fight between two ideologies has been going on for several decades and asserted those who follow the path of ?economic development and nationalism? will come out victorious.During his speech, he extensively quoted Deen Dayal Upadhyaya and said the BJP ideologue had stated that ?Muslims in India are descendants of Hindus.?He said every Muslim must respect Hindu sentiment and at the same time, Hindus must respect the Muslims.The MP was also severely critical of the policies of Congress and said ?I will prefer to die than bowing before the Congress...Some politicians sit with the Congress and have biryani and then indulge in artificial fight outside.?Yadav said he will prefer to die than abandoning the ideology he is fighting for.Talking about nationalism, Yadav said freedom fighters Maulana Abul Kalam Azad and Khan Abdul Gaffar Khan had sung the poem ?Vande Mataram? but there is an environment now in which singing it is considered a crime.He also cited a recent case in which a political leader had sought support from the Naxals. ?There cannot be bigger lynching than this,? the BJP member said.Yadav also alleged that Deen Dayal Upadhyaya and Ram Manohar Lohia were killed in late 1960s as both were planning to join hands.The BJP MP drew the attention of the House towards the 1984 anti-Sikh riots and raised the issue of killing of RSS workers in Kerala.\r\nA 17th-century pub, holding the record for being the highest in the UK, is going on sale for \xa3900,000 (nearly ?7.6 crore). It stands 1,732 feet above sea level and was named the highest in the UK by the Guinness Book of World Records in 1976. The landlady said the new owner will need to have stamina, eccentricity, and love.\r\nA pub which holds the record for being the highest in the UK is going on for sale for \xa3900,000.The 17th-century Tan Hill Inn in the Yorkshire Dales stands 1,732 ft (528m) above sea level. It was named the highest in the Britain by the Guinness Book of World Records in 1976, beating the Cat and Fiddle Inn in the Peak District with an elevation of 1,690 feet (515m).The listed building, which boasts panoramic views of the surrounding area, is regularly cut off by heavy snowfall and current landlady Louise Peace said she had been snowed in about 50 times, for between three and 11 days, since she bought it with her husband in 2005.A ?solitary inn? was noted to stand on the same spot on the Pennine Way in a 1586 guide book and the location near the village of Keld in Swaledale is popular with walkers hoping to see glimpses of the Northern Lights.Peace said the new owner of the pub would need to have stamina, eccentricity and love. ?It needs a nice family network, it?s a fantastic place, it needs a family that can pass it on to the next generation,? she told local media. ?It warms your cockles, it?s an amazing place.?It?s like having a child. You love it and nurture it, then it?s time for them to move on and you wish them all the best. You can?t not love Tan Hill. You can?t not miss it, you really can?t. It?s in your blood. But I still have to say ?cheerio? and let someone else take it on to the next level.?Peace, who is giving up the business to go and join her husband Mike at their retirement home in Somerset, said she had already had inquiries from potential buyers.In 2009, people celebrating New Year?s Eve at the Tan Hill Inn were stranded there for three days following a heavy snowfall. In November last year, the band Scouting For Girls were cut off along with around 200 others after playing a Children in Need gig at the pub. Guests were forced to squeeze into the inn?s 30 rooms, with many sleeping on sofas and floors.\r\nPakistan's interim Prime Minister nominee Shahid Abbasi, who most recently served as the country's Petroleum Minister, faces an inquiry over corruption in an over ?13,000-crore LNG (Liquefied natural gas) contract. Abbasi is accused of misusing his authority and causing a potential loss of ?12,000 crore to the national exchequer over 15 years.\r\nBy Sajjad Hussain Islamabad, Jul 31 (PTI) The ruling PML-N partys interim prime minister nominee Shahid Khaqan Abbasi is facing a Rs 220 billion corruption inquiry by Pakistans National Accountability Bureau over an LNG contract, according to a media report. Abbasi, the former minister for petroleum and natural resources, is the principal accused in a National Accountability Bureau (NAB) case registered in 2015 over the award of a liquefied natural gas (LNG) import contract, Dawn News reported. Other suspects in the case include former petroleum secretary Abid Saeed, Inter State Gas Systems (ISGS) managing director Mobin Saulut, private firm Engros chief executive officer Emranul Haq and the Sui Southern Gas Companys (SSGC) ex-MD Zuhair Ahmed Siddiqui, the report said. Abbasi is expected to be elected as the new prime minister by Pakistans Parliament tomorrow, replacing ousted premier Nawaz Sharif. The Supreme Court on Friday disqualified 67-year-old Sharif for dishonesty and ruled that corruption cases be filed against him and his children over the Panama Papers scandal, forcing the embattled leader out of office. After Sharifs disqualification, the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) nominated Abbasi as its candidate for the prime ministers post for an interim period before Punjab Chief Minister and Nawazs brother Shehbaz Sharif replaces him for the remaining 10 months of the governments term. According to NAB documents, the contract for the LNG import and distribution was awarded to the Elengy Terminal, a subsidiary of Engro, in 2013 in violation of the Public Procurement Regulatory Authority (PPRA) rules and relevant laws. The bureau registered the case on July 29, 2015, but it is still in the inquiry stage, contrary to NAB Chairman Qamar Zaman Chaudhrys claim that he has introduced a new strategy under which the process of complaint verification, inquiry, investigation and filing of reference takes 10 months, the report said. It appears that like several cases of the Sharif family, this one has also been dumped by the NAB, it said. The case was registered on the complaint of Shahid Sattar, an energy expert and former member of the Planning Commission and the SSGC board of directors, along with others, accusing Abbasi of misusing his authority and causing a potential USD 2 billion loss to the national exchequer in 15 years. The NAB documents said that it had been recommended that the names of all accused in the case, including that of Abbasi, should be placed on the Exit Control List (ECL) and the process was ongoing, the report said. \r\nTV actress Ridhima Pandit, known for playing a humanoid robot on the show 'Bahu Hamari Rajni Kant', has said she will not play "crappy roles like the heroine's behen" in films. Ridhima added, "My demand is more on television. If I can be the queen on TV, why should I go and become a princess in films?"\r\nRidhima Pandit, who shot to fame with the portrayal of a humanoid robot on TV show Bahu Hamari Rajni Kant, is sure that she will never do small roles in films. She says,?I am not getting any good offers, and frankly, I will never play crappy roles like [the] heroine?s behen or anything like that. I want to do roles that are substantial enough to help the story move ahead. Also, my demand is more on television [shows]. If I can be the queen on TV, why should I go and become a princess in films??She is currently seen in the comedy show The Drama Company,which stars comedians such as Krushna Abhishek, Sudesh Lahri, and Sanket Bhosale. Happy that she got a chance to explore the physical comedy space, Ridhima says, ?The whole team is happy having me as a part of the show. The experience is totally different from daily soaps. There are no retakes, and the camera is rolling for at least an hour to shoot the whole gag. Everyone on the sets says that it was commendable of me to pick up live comedy so quickly. It reminded me of my theatre days.? Ridhima adds that she does not want to be a part of any saas-bahu shows. ?Before Bahu Hamari..., I had rejected a lot of offers for such shows. The regressive content of these shows doesn?t convince me, and if I myself am not convinced, I can?t expect my viewers to accept it,? says the actor.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nIndian Union Muslim League MP PK Kunhalikutty on Monday said, "When we should be discussing about Digital India, it is sad irony that we are discussing about mob lynching." "We are discussing a fundamental principle of secularism that we should uphold," he added in the Parliament. "Let us be Hindustan and not Lynchistan," Leader of the Opposition Mallikarjun Kharge said.\r\nCharges and counter charges flew in the Lok Sabha on Monday over the issue of lynchings, with the Opposition parties targeting the Modi government and the ruling side asserting that it was the responsibility of the state governments to deal with such crimes.During the discussion, Congress MP Mallikarjun Kharge criticised the Prime Minister for not talking about the issue enough and listed the various incidents of lynchings across the country.  BJP?s Hukmdev Narayan Yadav defended the government?s response and, referring to political killings  in Kerala, questioned why only certain incidents were considered lynchings.In the Rajya Sabha, after initial uproar  over the alleged kidnapping of MLAs by police in Gujarat, the house adjourned briefly before resuming Question Hour.Congress? Madhusudhan Mistry alleged that his party MLAs were being ?kidnapped? and offered ?Rs 10-15 crore? with a view to influence their vote in the August 8 elections to send three members from the state to the Rajya Sabha.Here are the highlights: 6:30 pm: Lok Sabha adjourned for the day.6:29 pm:?The more you are raising the issue, the veil of the opposition is getting unveiled. The more you try to defame us, the more the Opposition gets defames: Kiren Rijiju6:23 pm: Mother Teresa was not allowed to enter Arunachal Pradesh during Congress rule. If there has been one instance of persecution of Christians in Arunachal Pradesh after our rule, I?ll resign: Kiren Rijiju6:13 pm: Mob lynching is the worst form of crime, it should be condemned universally. Why do you raise selective issue. Previously it was intolerance, then award-wapsi, freedom of expression: Rijiju. 6:08 pm: Do you want the PM should break the federal structure and take over state machinery: Rijiju during lynching debate.6:04 pm: There is a trend in the country, the highest number of atrocities in India have taken place against scheduled castes: Rijiju.5:55 pm: Uproar in Lok Sabha during Kiren Rijiju?s statement.5:50 pm: Kiren Rijiju says issued advisory to every state that strong action should be taken against incident of mob lynching.5:45 pm: Asaduddin Owaisi says the instances of mob lynching will continue as this government promotes religion as an ideology.Is cow protection an essential part of Hinduism? asks Owaisi. Stop the shadow army. Our battle is against Hindutva and not Hinduism: Owaisi5:32 pm: When we should be discussion about digital India, it is sad irony that we are discussing about mob lynching:?Indian Union Muslim League  MP PK KunhalikuttyWe are discussing a fundamental principle of secularism that we should uphold, it is sad, says Kunhalikutty.5:20 pm: There seems to be a different between the words and action of Prime Minister: Mohammad Asrarul HaqueModi govt doesn?t only seem listen but also helpless. People who have skull cap and beard, women in burkha are today scared to step outside in public, he says.  5:18 pm: RJD MP?Jay Prakash Narayan Yadav say, ?The person who doesn?t differentiate between human and animal, there is a devil inside him.?5:08 pm: BJP?MP Prahlad Joshi talks about attack on BJP?MPs in West Bengal. Evokes sharp reaction from opposition members for not mentioning death of other people.4:39 pm: Maharashtra MP Supriya Sule says we should send a message as a uniform Parliament that we condemn lynching.?Yoga Day message should be about ahimsa and not just about surya namaskar,? she says.?The person who killed Junaid is out on bail. We should make regulation that someone who has killed someone shouldn?t be out on bail,? says the NCP?lawmaker. 4:29 pm: Mohammad Salim of CPI-M says the gathering of mob has a historical, political, psychological  aspect. There is a long history and it is not a spur of the moment occurrence. 4:17 pm: TDP?MP?from Guntur, Jayadev Galla, says mob violence, ?shows of strength in numbers, majority rule mentality and doesn?t have place in a peaceful society.? He says cow violence has reached an alarming proportion.... And it can?t be isolated into BJP or non-BJP?states.4:12 pm: Arvind Ganpat Sawant, MP?from Mumbai-South speaks on lynching. ?If there is hate, some say they are going perpetrate double the amount of hate,? he says.3: 55 pm: Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav says, ?Exploitation of and atrocities against women is high. It should end in the family first. Then it will stop in your locality, village and cities.? 3:45 pm: BJP?MP Hukumdev Narayan Yadav claims majority of Muslims in India are descendants of Hindus, PTI?reports.3:35 pm: BJD?s Tathagata Satpathy says, ?The gau rakshaks don?t know that more than half the cows in India are Jersey cows. Not their mother. They should recognise their mother.It?s sad if we can?t recognise our own mother.?Satpathy wonders why nobody is bothered about indigenous breeds of cows. 3:18 pm: AIADMK?s Dr K Gopal calls the situation of rising violence against minorities is worrisome. He names lynching incidents and says that the issue of beef is polarising.3:15pm: Kharge responds to Paswan?s comments there was no ?josh? in his speech. ?If you had an operation, you wouldn?t even be able to get up,? Kharge says.3:10 pm: Paswan targets CPI and asks why the killing of 6 people during its rule was not called ?a ?riot?.Paswan says the House needs to pass a resolution to condemn incidents of lynchings. ?Whenever something like this takes place, all chief ministers must ensure perpetrator is arrested and investigation begins within 24 hours.?3:05 pm: ?PM Modi has never mentioned Babri Masjid or Ayodhya or Article 370. He only speaks of development,? says Paswan.3:00 pm: Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan says, ?The Prime Minister has condemned these incidents twice. Do you want him to send in the army when such incidents happen??2:55 pm:  Quiet resumes as Roy speaks again. He says he has a few suggestions. ?In the IPC and the CrPC, lynching not defined. We need a new and exclusive law on protecting against lynching,? Roy says.2:54 pm: Uproar as MPs yell at each other across the aisle. 2:53 pm: BJP?s SS Ahluwalia lashes out, ?Strike this from the record. This is unfair. He must also bring the source of his information here and validate. Only then should he be allowed to talk further.?2:50 pm:  Roy compares the killing of Muslims to the targeted killing of African-Americans by Ku Klux Klan in the US. ?In 23 attacks, the attackers were from Bajrang Dal and Hindu groups,? he says.Roy says, ?Yeh sab bandar hai! (These groups are the BJP?s monkeys.)? Uproar as MPs call the comment ?unparliamentary?.2:45 pm: Kiren Rijiju interrupts Roy, asking him on what basis he was making these claims.2:37 pm: TMC?s Saugata Roy speaks and clarifies he does not want to talk about general mob violence but bovine-related mob violence. Between 2010 anmd 2017, 63 people were killed in cow-related incidents of mob violence, Roy says.?I don?t want to bring Hindu-Muslim into this but 97% of these killings took place after Narendra Modi came to power. 86% were Muslims. I want to ask members of the ruling party, you say you want Congress-mukt Bharat. Do you want Muslim-mukt Bharat??Roy says 52% of the killings took place in BJP ruled states.2:30 pm: Yadav cites Ram Mohair Lohaia?s example, saying he was a socialist who didn?t believe in Gods but knew prevalence of Hindu culture and traditions, and respected it.2:26 pm:  Yadav says, ?The ancestors of the Muslims were Hindus. Therefore the gods, the culture and traditions are also their?s. They must think about this.?2:20 pm: Debate resumes in Lok?Sabha. Yadav continues his speech. 2:15pm: Social Justice and Empowerment Minister Thawarchand Gehlot begins the debate. Congress? BK Hariprasad says Opposition is not happy with the way government pushes Bills in the Parliament.2:00 pm: Rajya Sabha takes up Constitution (123rd) Amendment Bill, 2017 and National Commission for Backward Classes (Repeal) Bill, 2017.1:15 pm: Lok Sabha adjourned till 2:15 pm for lunch. Yadav to speak for five more minutes after that.1:14 pm: Yadav says, ?Muslims must learn to live with Hindus respecting their culture and traditions.?1:12 pm: ?Why is it wrong to say Vande Mataram these days? Is this not mob lynching?? Yadav asks.1:10 pm: In the Lok Sabha, Yadav attacks the Congress saying,?You have done dharmik atyachar, samajik atyachar, mansik atyachar, arthik atyachar and ruined the country.?1:05 pm: In Rajya Sabha, Question Hour concludes. House adjourned till 2 pm for lunch.1:03 pm: Yadav says, ?The Junaid incident was a fight over a train seat. Why are you linking it with religion? What about the killings in Kerala? Are we not human? Are they not lynchings because they are not Muslims??1:00 pm: Yadav asks,??Is the mob lynching of DSP Ayub Pandith in J&K not an incident worth mentioning??12:57 pm: Yadav says, ?The PM himself has condemned the mob incidents repeatedly. It?s upto states to follow law. Centre can?t send paramilitary forces there on its own.?12:55 pm: BJP?s Hukmdev Narayan Yadav says government has been addressing the issue and taking action. He asks why the Opposition is questioning the government?s intention.12:50 pm: Kharge concludes with,?Duniya mein sab ka yahi hai kehna, Shanti aur chain se zinda rehna...Let us be Hindustan and not Lynchistan.?Two hours were alloted for the discussion. Kharge spoke for over 35 minutes.12:47 pm:  ?This government is imposing itself on what a person can eat and who one can love,? says Kharge.12: 45 pm:  Parliamentary Affairs Minister Ananth Kumar interrupts Kharge for mentioning a former President?s name citing rule 352.Kumar says, ?Kharge must validate all the documents he is reading from. Every state government has taken action against each of these incidents. He is misleading the House.?12: 36 pm: BJP benches raise a ruckus. Speaker warns Kharge about duration of his speech.12:34 pm: Kharge quotes a BJP leader as saying that there was ?no regret over the death of Pehlu Khan because he was a cow smuggler.?12:32 pm: BJP members protests reported facts being read out by Kharge. 12:30 pm: In the Lok Sabha discussion, Kharge says, ?The Prime Minister has not spoken about the killings on his Mann Ki Baat programme.?12:28 pm: Meanwhile, first two questions in the Rajya Sabha are about MNREGA.12:26 pm: Kharge mentions incidents in Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh. He says he is only listing them.12:24 pm: Nishikant Dubey of BJP says, ?The cases of violence Mr.Kharge is mentioning are already in the courts, so why is he saying all this? He cannot speak about these cases.?12:22 pm:  The Lok Sabha has begun a short-duration discussion on lynchings and mob violence. Mallikarjun Kharge of Congress says, ?There?s a feeling of threat in many states, especially because of fringe groups. Incidents of lynching and mob violence are not under control. Taking matters into one?s hands and exercising violence or killing another is unacceptable.??The government is indirectly encouraging groups like the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, Bajrang Dal and gau bhakts,? Kharge says.12:12 pm: Lok Sabha postpones Zero Hour to end of the day.12:07 pm: Question hour ends in Lok Sabha. Speaker dismisses all adjournment notices. Arun Jaitley introduced all the Bills listed today.12:02 pm: Chair praises MPs for not exceeding time alloted to them and allowing him to wrap up all notices to end Zero Hour on time.12:00 pm: Issues raised in the Upper House include changes in NET, impact of demonetisation, transaction on BHIM app and privatisation of Railways. 11:45 pm: Rajya Sabha returns from adjournment. Zero Hours resumes. 11:30 pm: MPs protest in the well in Rajya Sabha. Congress creates ruckus over alleged kidnapping of MLAs by police in Gujarat. House adjourned for 10 minutes.11:20 am: Zero Hour in Rajya Sabha. Congress? Madhusudan Mistry raises issue of Gujarat MLAs resignations.11:05 am: Question hour in Lok Sabha.10:40 am:Bills to be introduced in Lok Sabha todayThe Central Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu and Kashmir) Bill, 2017The Integrated Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu and Kashmir) Bill, 2017The Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Amendment Bill 2017 Bills for consideration and passing today:The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Amendment) Bill, 2017The Banking Reguation (Amendment) Bill, 2017The Indian Institute of Petroleum and Energy Bill, 2017Bills for consideration and passing in Rajya Sabha todayThe Constitution (123rd Amendment) Bill, 2017The National Commission for Backward Classes (Repeal) Bill, 2017The Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (Amendment) Bill,2017\r\nTalking about his two-year alliance with Lalu Prasad Yadav's RJD, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Monday said, "I didn't have a choice, I tolerated them a lot." Nitish further said, "Though this happens in an alliance, but I ran out of patience. Lalu ji kept defending his son and never spoke up for me."\r\nIn his first press conference after his dramatic alliance with the BJP last week, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar today said Narendra Modi will return as India's Prime Minister in 2019 since there is nobody to take him on. "Nobody in India has the capacity to take on Modi ji," he said. After the sudden break-up with Lalu Prasad's RJD over corruption allegations last week, Nitish aligned again with the BJP and formed a coalition government on July 27. In 2013, he had ended his 17-year-old alliance with the BJP over Modi's nomination as the party's prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha election.Nitish claimed the offer to form the government came from the BJP. "The proposal came from the BJP's top leadership. The Prime Minister tweeted as well," he said, referring to Modi's tweet congratulating him on taking a stand against corruption by his resignation.\xa0 ON DUMPING LALUDefending his decision to dump Lalu, Nitish said he "put up with a lot" during his two-year alliance with Lalu Prasad's RJD and claimed he had no option but to call it off.\xa0"I didn't have a choice, I tolerated them a lot. Though this happens in an alliance, but I ran out of patience," he said, referring to the allegations of corruption against Lalu and his family, mainly son Tejashwi Yadav, who was Nitish's deputy in the former Bihar government.\xa0"Lalu ji kept defending his son and never spoke up for me," Nitish said. "They should have gone to the people and explained the allegations against them," he said."After the cabinet meeting, Tejashwi asked me what to explain. I told him that I don't have much experience about property, deposit, land etc. I just told him to clarify his stand on the allegations. Merely saying that it is political vendetta may be good for your supporters, but for common people, it was not sufficient," he said as he narrated the events leading to his resignation on July 25.JD-U DIVIDED"I don't agree with the decision in Bihar. It is unfortunate," Yadav told reporters outside Parliament."The mandate of the people (in Bihar in 2015) was not for this," the Rajya Sabha member said on Nitish Kumar's decision to break the JD-U's alliance with the Grand Alliance of the RJD and the Congress in the state.\r\nBritish F1 driver Lewis Hamilton gave up on a third place finish at the Hungarian Grand Prix to let his teammate Valtteri Bottas finish third instead. Hamilton, who was fourth placed, asked Mercedes to tell Bottas to let him through to chase down the leading Ferraris, agreeing to give the third place back if he fails to overtake them.\r\nThe Hungarian Grand Prix could yet stand as one of the defining moments of the 2017 Formula One season.Under the unyielding sun of a Budapest summer the two title protagonists, who have been equally unforgiving on track in a battle that has swayed gloriously between them, finally showed their hands as to how that fight would proceed in the second half of the season.Sebastian Vettel won what was hardly a classic race but Lewis Hamilton, in standing by his team-mate, admitted he might have dropped points that could ultimately cost him the world championship.Vettel won at the Hungaroring with an impressive drive from pole position. That he did so while nursing a damaged steering wheel made it all the more of an achievement but also put the Scuderia on the spot.His team-mate Kimi Raikkonen was quicker on track but they chose not to order Vettel to allow him to pass. That the German is their only title contender could not have been clearer.In their wake Hamilton was on a charge and in turn faster than his team?mate Valtteri Bottas. With passing at the Hungaroring all but impossible this year, he asked Mercedes to tell Bottas to let him through to chase down the leading Ferraris, agreeing that he would give the place back should he fail to overtake them. Bottas let him through and, unable to pass Raikkonen and seven seconds up the road from his team-mate, Hamilton duly gave back the place on the final lap. Raikkonen held second, with Bottas in third and Hamilton fourth.The British driver now trails Vettel by 14 points in the world championship and ceding the place cost him three. With the title fight likely to go to the wire it might yet prove to have been the sportsmanlike gesture that could deny him a fourth drivers? title this year.?I want to win the championship the right way,? he said. ?I don?t know whether that will come back to bite me on the backside or not but I said at the beginning of the year, I want to win it the right way. I do think today was the right way to do things.?Ferrari have a long history of imposing team orders and designating a No1 driver but the Mercedes executive director, Toto Wolff, agreed with Hamilton and drew a stark comparison with how his team and the Scuderia went racing.?We have seen the backlash from decisions that were ruthless and cold blooded and the effect that it had on the brand,? he said. ?You could say: ?Screw it, it still won them the championship, who cares? They are in the history books.? But I do not think that is the right spin and if the purpose of us being here is to do the right things and win in the right way ? sometimes doing it the right way and standing by your values is tough and it was today, believe me.?Giving the place back was no easy feat. Bottas was only just in front of the Red Bull of Max Verstappen and there was a real danger the manoeuvre could have cost Hamilton two places. The team had debated whether it should be done but were clear Hamilton was not instructed to do so and that he was merely sticking to his word.?It was very sportsmanlike behaviour,? said Wolff, who also acknowledged that it could cost Hamilton the title. ?These values won us six championships and it will make us win more championships in years to come. It cost us three points and could cost us the championship and we are perfectly conscious of that. But in terms of how the drivers and this team operates, we stick to what we say and if the consequences are as much as losing the championship, then we will take it.?There was little doubt that Vettel deserved the 25 points, both he and Raikkonen having a pace advantage in the early stage over Mercedes. But he revealed he was wrestling with his damaged car from the off. ?I felt there was something not right on the grid and for the formation lap the steering wheel was not straight,? he said.?Then it got worse and towards the end of the stint it was more difficult. We spoke on the radio about it and I was told to avoid the kerbs but on this track you use them on every corner, so you lose speed. It was good that it is tricky to overtake here. It felt like a very long race.?Ferrari have not won the constructors? championship since 2008 and have not taken the drivers? title since Raikkonen claimed it in 2007. Their step forward to go head-to head with Mercedes this season gives them a real opportunity to end the drought.Raikkonen might have been passed by Hamilton, which would have cost them constructor points, but they opted to gamble on the British driver being unable to do so. It paid off and they can consider their strategy a success but it indicated that they were willing to risk the team championship in favour of backing Vettel for the title.Maurizio Arrivabene, Ferrari?s team principal, praised Raikkonen for being a ?true team player? and Sergio Marchionne, the Ferrari chief executive, admitted the result had come as a relief. ?It was a much?needed win,? he said. ?The great thing is we earned it, this was a tough, tough race and we almost lost it and we got it back.?Vettel holds the lead going into the summer break and he has earned it but Hamilton can also rest easy knowing that he held an honourable line in Hungary. ?The team were in a difficult position but I think today really shows, hopefully, that I am a man of my word,? he said.\r\nLabour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya has said that as many as 43% of the country's employees are in the unorganised sector and 4.7 crore of them were in the construction sector. He said efforts are on to enhance wages and provide benefits of PF and insurance to them. "The Ministry...is committed for the social security of the labour force," he added.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 31 (PTI) As many as 43 per cent of the countrys employees are in the unorganised sector and efforts are on to provide them EPF, ESIC and other benefits, the Lok Sabha was informed today. Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya said there are around 43 per cent of the total employees in the country are in the unorganised sector and 4.7 crore of them were in the construction sector. He said steps have been taken to enhance the minimum wages of labourers and efforts are on to provide the benefits of Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) and Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) to them. \r\nAt least 213 lives have been lost and over 80,000 have been relocated due to floods in Gujarat. As many as 4,000 animals have also been killed in the flood, with an estimate of over a million households and farmlands being affected. PM Narendra Modi recently assured relief operations were being carried out on massive scale in the flood-affected areas.\r\nWidespread flooding in Gujarat has killed more than 200 people and paralysed infrastructure, with tens of thousands of cotton farmers also suffering heavy damage.More than a million households had been affected and losses to farmlands were being assessed. Over 4000 animals have been killed due to the floods. More than 50,000 cotton farmers are struggling to drain water from their land and homes.Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that flood-affected areas are being closely monitored and relief operations are being undertaken on a massive scale. Army, Air Force and National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) personnel rescued 12,798 people, of which 825 were airlifted by the IAF.As many as 80,000 people were relocated to safer places, including 38,241 in Banaskantha and Patan, it said.Several of the affected roads are still under water which will delay the construction work, it said. The damage is assessed at Rs 10 crore for national highways and Rs 26 crore for state highways.The airport in Ahmedabad, the main commercial hub of Gujarat, was partially flooded, forcing airlines to divert flights. More than 150 factories were forced to shut down. According to the state-run India Meteorological Department, rains have been 4 percent above average since the four-month monsoon season began in June.ALSO READ:Help those affected in Gujarat, Assam floods, Aamir Khan appeals on Twitter\r\nAngelina Jolie has denied reports of using a cruel casting process while auditioning children for her film. "Upset that a pretend exercise in an improvisation, from an actual scene...has been written about as if it was a real scenario," said Jolie. The casting involved a game where poor children were made to snatch money and justify the mock theft. \r\nAngelina Jolie says accounts of her casting process for children to appear in her film First They Killed My Father are false and upsetting. An excerpt from a Vanity Fair profile of the director sparked backlash online earlier this week from people who criticized the methods as being cruel and exploitative.Adapted from Loung Ung?s memoir, the biographical drama centres on her childhood under the brutal Khmer Rouge regime in Cambodia. Jolie co-wrote and directed the film, which she talked about in a recent Vanity Fair profile.The article described a scene in which casting directors in their attempt to find a child actor to play the lead role presented money to impoverished children only to take it away from them as an acting exercise.Jolie and producer Rithy Panh issued joint statements Sunday responding to the outrage and refuting claims that the production was exploitative through a representative from Netflix, which is producing and distributing the film.?I am upset that a pretend exercise in an improvisation, from an actual scene in the film, has been written about as if it was a real scenario. The suggestion that real money was taken from a child during an audition is false and upsetting,? Jolie said. ?I would be outraged myself if this had happened.?Jolie said parents, guardians and doctors were on set daily to care for the children and ?make sure that no one was in any way hurt by participating in the recreation of such a painful part of their country?s history.?Panh, who himself is a survivor of the Khmer Rouge, added that casting ?was done in the most sensitive way possible?.He described a process that was informed both by families? preferences and NGO (non-governmental organization) guidelines in which the children understood that they would be acting out a scene.The Vanity Fair article described a scene in which casting directors in their attempt to find a child actor to play the lead role presented money to impoverished children only to take it away from them as an acting exercise.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?The children were not tricked or entrapped, as some have suggested,? Panh said. ?They understood very well that this was acting, and make believe.?The Vanity Fair article went into more detail about the production than the one paragraph that circulated on Twitter, which sparked the initial outrage.A representative from Vanity Fair issued a statement Sunday saying that author Evgenia Peretz ?clearly describes what happened during the casting process as a ?game?? and ?that the filmmakers went to extraordinary lengths to be sensitive in addressing the psychological stresses on the cast and crew that were inevitable in making a movie about the genocide carried out in Cambodia by the Khmer Rouge.?Jolie?s film will debut on Netflix sometime after showing at the Toronto International Film Festival this September.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA Chhattisgarh primary school teacher has been arrested for allegedly stealing two designer saris worth ?56,000 for his wife to wear at local beauty pageant 'Sawan Sundari'. The police said Srikant Gupta "admitted he could not afford the saris, but did not want his wife to feel inferior among other women of the community." Gupta reportedly earns ?2,500 per month.\r\nSrikant Gupta?s wallet did not permit it, but the Chhattisgarh primary school teacher bit the bullet for his wife ? stealing two designer sarees allegedly worth Rs 56,000 for her to flaunt in a community gala. She wore the sarees to the gala titled ?Sawan Sundari (Monsoon Beauty)? last week, but police soon came looking for Gupta, who earns Rs 2,500 per month as a Shiksha Mitra (a system under which teachers are hired on contract). Now, Gupta, his wife, and his cousin are behind bars for the theft from a shop in Bilaspur district, about 115km north of state capital Raipur.?He told us he stole the sarees because he wanted his wife to shine among other women in their community pageant,? said Nasar Siddiqui, station house officer (SHO) of Civil Lines police station in Bilaspur. ?Gupta admitted he could not afford the sarees, but did not want his wife to feel inferior among other women of the community. He stole the sarees and gifted them to her,? Siddiqui added. There are no winners or losers in the traditional ?Sawan Sundari? galas, where women deck up in all their finery. Police started investigation on the complaint of the saree store owner, who put the price of the two stolen items at Rs 56,000. Police circulated the shop?s CCTV footage of the theft and soon got information that Gupta?s wife had been spotted wearing the sarees. ?We got a video of the gala where the woman was wearing one of the stolen sarees,? said Siddiqui. Police zeroed in on Gupta and his wife and recovered the stolen sarees. Gupta?s cousin was held for helping him in the theft.Police said Gupta, 26, did not have any prior criminal record.\r\nShahid Kapoor said he went mad on Twitter after watching Sanjay Leela Bhansali's 'Bajirao Mastani' and started appreciating everyone. Shahid, who will be seen in Bhansali's upcoming film 'Padmavati', added, "Never knew that I will be part of his (Bhansali's) next film...It's awesome to be working with someone whose work I have admired in the recent past...I am really excited."\r\nBollywood actor Shahid Kapoor says his upcoming film Padmavati, marred by controversies, is made with a good intent.Shahid, who won the Big Zee Entertainment Award for the best actor  for Udta Punjab on Saturday, spoke to the media on the sidelines of the event.Talking about the controversies surrounding the historical drama, whose shooting was disrupted for showing a romantic angle between Rajput queen Padmavati and Alauddin Khilji, Shahid said: ?According to me, I have not shot any scene which has been changed. I think there were a lot of presumptions about the film, and people were presuming about the scenes.?Bollywood actor Shahid Kapoor and wife Mira Rajput arrive for the IIFA Awards.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?The clarification has been given that no such scene is there in the film. I hope when people see this film, they will realize that the heart of the film and intent of the film is very good,? he said.?This country and the people who live in it, and specially the area we are talking about in the film, will be glorified. I play a Rajput king and my character, I feel, will be admired by people.?Padmavati is being directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, and Shahid is happy about collaborating with him for the first time.Shahid Kapoor accepts his award at the 2017 International Indian Film Academy Festival.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?It?s a very big film, very intense, romantic and looked forward to film for various reasons. I think it?s a labour of love for Mr. Bhansali. I had gone mad on Twitter after watching his last film (?Bajirao Mastani?), appreciating everyone, and never knew that I will be part of his (Bhansali?s) next film,? Shahid said.?So, it?s awesome to be working with someone whose work I have admired in the recent past. The film (Padmavati) has a great cast and going to be a huge film. I am really excited, but I want to underplay it, so I am trying to do that right now,? said the Haider actor.Padmavati also stars Ranveer Singh, Deepika Padulone and Aditi Rao Hydari in key roles.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nBhumi Pednekar has said that Akshay Kumar is different from the notion of the superstar one has in mind, while adding, "When you see Akshay sir, it all comes crashing down." Bhumi added, "He is so down-to-earth and is always punctual on set... he is so focused and professional." She further called Akshay a great example for newcomers like her.\r\nAkshay Kumar never fails to impress his co-stars. The latest being actor Bhumi Pednekar, who has a host of good things to say about Akshay with whom she recently worked in Toilet: Ek Prem Katha.?Sir (Akshay) is so focused and professional. He completely dedicates himself during the filming process. He is a great example to have for newcomers like us. On set, he is filled with excitement and is so well-behaved. He believes in spreading happiness,? says Bhumi, who made her debut with actor Ayushmann Khurrana in Dum Laga Ke Haisha (2015).    Keshav and Jaya are ready with swag. ?.Bringing to you our sweet little Prem Katha London #toiletuktakeover #toiletekpremkatha @akshaykumar ?? A post shared by Bhumi Pednekar (@psbhumi) on Jul 20, 2017 at 6:31am PDTShowering more praise on him, Bhumi adds, ?When you are growing up, you have a notion of what a superstar will be like. Akshay sir is absolutely different from that. When you see Akshay sir, it all comes crashing down. He is so down-to-earth and is always punctual on set. Professionally, I wish I could adopt those habits from him.?     The best love stories have known the greatest pain. Here's #LatthMaar for you ? @akshaykumar Link in bio A post shared by Bhumi Pednekar (@psbhumi) on Jul 11, 2017 at 7:41pm PDTSpeaking about their film, Toilet: Ek Prem Katha, which highlights the problem of open defecation in rural India, Bhumi says she wasn?t even aware that Akshay was part of the film, when she signed it. ?I said yes to the film because of the script. I didn?t know about Akshay sir being a part of it then. It is one of those rare films that is an out-and-out romance. It?s a very credible film with a social message, so I knew I am not letting it go,? says a proud Bhumi. Asked if she thinks that the film will actually turn the spotlight on to the problem of open defecation, she adds. ?It will be an eye-opener. As responsible citizens we must all work towards making a better society. We can?t have the ostrich mentality and look away from issues and think things are fine. We all need to work towards it,? she says. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Modi government is planning to launch a crackdown on corrupt officials reportedly from August 15. Letters have been dispatched to various departments and paramilitary forces to finalise the list of corrupt officials by August 5. The list will be sent to Central Bureau of Investigation and Central Vigilance Commission who will keep a close watch and recommend necessary actions.\r\nPrime Minister Narendra Modi has time and again claimed that corruption has come down since he took charge and that providing graft-free rule is on top of his priority. Now, to further polish its taint-free image, the government is preparing a crackdown on corrupt officials.According to a government notification available exclusively with India Today, the vigilance department of each ministry has been asked to prepare a dossier of tainted and corrupt officials.WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW: RULES TO PROBE CORRUPTION CASES AMENDED Changing an over 50-year-old rule, the government in June set a deadline of six months to complete probe in corruption cases involving its employeesThe decision has been taken to speed up the investigation in such cases, most of them pending for quiet a long timeThe Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) has amended Central Civil Services (Classification, Control and Appeal) Rules, 1965, and decided time-line for critical stages of investigation and enquiry proceedings.The Inquiring Authority should conclude the inquiry and submit its report within a period of six months, says the amended rules.However, an extension for a period not exceeding six months at a time may be allowed for any good and sufficient reasons to be recorded in writing by the disciplinary authority, it saidEarlier, there was no time-frame to complete an enquiry.ALSO READ:India most corrupt nation in Asia, most Indians believe PM Modi is checking itJolt to PM Modi's crusade against corruption as CVC's portal crashes, data against corrupt officials deleted\r\nCongress on Monday informed Rajya Sabha that Raj Babbar has been injured in police action against villagers protesting demolition of their houses in Uttar Pradesh. They added that due to the injuries, he was unable to attend the Parliament proceedings. The house's Deputy Chairman dismissed the issue of Babbar's safety and security saying the state government should deal with this.\r\nOpposition Congress said in Rajya Sabha on Monday that its MP Raj Babbar was allegedly injured in police action against villagers protesting demolition of their houses in the Ambedkar Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh.Raising the issue through a notice under rule 267 that seeks setting aside of the business to take up discussion on the issue, Pramod Tiwari (Cong) said force was used against the villagers protesting against demolition.Raj Babbar, he said, was injured and is unable to attend the proceedings in Parliament.Deputy chairman PJ Kurien said if the member has a complaint, he can raise it and give a privilege notice.Tiwari was joined by other Congress members in raising the issue of the safety and security of Babbar, who is sitting on dharna at the protest site.Kurien asked them if the lawmaker was being prevented from attending Parliament. When they replied in negative, he said the notice is not admitted.Finance minister and Leader of the House Arun Jaitley said Babbar cannot be present at both the places - the dharna site and Parliament at the same time and he has to decide where he wants to be.Kurien said if Babbar is sitting on a dharna, it is for the state government to deal with it.Sharad Yadav (JD-U) raised the issue of employees of Jabalpur ordnance factory being on protest against the closure of certain units there.He said there were 41 ordnance factories in the country, manufacturing some 600 items for defence.The government should take note of the protests against the closure of the vehicle manufacturing factory, he said.Kurien however disallowed the notice.  \r\nFacebook has shut down one of its Artificial Intelligence systems after chatbots programmed to converse in English started speaking in their own language. Using machine learning algorithms, the bots were allowed to converse freely to strengthen their conversational skills. However, they began to deviate from the scripted norms and started speaking a new language created without human input. \r\nDays after Tesla CEO Elon Musk said that artificial intelligence (AI) was the biggest risk, Facebook has shut down one of its AI systems after chatbots started speaking in their own language defying the codes provided.According to a report in Tech Times on Sunday, the social media giant had to pull the plug on the AI system that its researchers were working on ?because things got out of hand?. ?The AI did not start shutting down computers worldwide or something of the sort, but it stopped using English and started using a language that it created,? the report noted.Initially the AI agents used English to converse with each other but they later created a new language that only AI systems could understand, thus, defying their purpose.This led Facebook researchers to shut down the AI systems and then force them to speak to each other only in English.In June, researchers from the Facebook AI Research Lab (FAIR) found that while they were busy trying to improve chatbots, the ?dialogue agents? were creating their own language.Soon, the bots began to deviate from the scripted norms and started communicating in an entirely new language which they created without human input, media reports said.Using machine learning algorithms, the ?dialogue agents? were left to converse freely in an attempt to strengthen their conversational skills.The researchers also found these bots to be ?incredibly crafty negotiators?.?After learning to negotiate, the bots relied on machine learning and advanced strategies in an attempt to improve the outcome of these negotiations,? the report said.?Over time, the bots became quite skilled at it and even began feigning interest in one item in order to ?sacrifice? it at a later stage in the negotiation as a faux compromise,? it added.Although this appears to be a huge leap for AI, several experts including Professor Stephen Hawking have raised fears that humans, who are limited by slow biological evolution, could be superseded by AI.Others like Tesla?s Elon Musk, philanthropist Bill Gates and ex-Apple founder Steve Wozniak have also expressed their concerns about where the AI technology was heading.Interestingly, this incident took place just days after a verbal spat between Facebook CEO and Musk who exchanged harsh words over a debate on the future of AI.?I?ve talked to Mark about this (AI). His understanding of the subject is limited,? Musk tweeted last week. The tweet came after Zuckerberg, during a Facebook livestream earlier this month, castigated Musk for arguing that care and regulation was needed to safeguard the future if AI becomes mainstream.?I think people who are naysayers and try to drum up these doomsday scenarios -- I just, I don?t understand it. It?s really negative and in some ways I actually think it is pretty irresponsible,? Zuckerberg said.Musk has been speaking frequently on AI and has called its progress the ?biggest risk we face as a civilisation?.?AI is a rare case where we need to be proactive in regulation instead of reactive because if we?re reactive in AI regulation it?s too late,? he said.\r\nPolitical party Pudhiya Thamilagam has filed ?100 crore defamation case against actor Kamal Haasan and a private television channel over derogatory comments made by an actor on the Tamil version of reality show 'Bigg Boss'. The party has given Haasan, who is hosting the show, and the television channel seven days to tender an unconditional apology or face defamation charges.\r\nKamal Haasan and Bigg Boss Tamil have been plagued with problems from the start.Puthiya Tamizhagam, a Dalit party, has served a legal notice to a private TV channel and film actor Kamal Haasan for allegedly hurting the sentiments of those living in slums and huts due to comments made by an actor on the reality show Bigg Boss.In the notice served through the lawyers, the party has sought Rs 100 crore as damages if the actor and TV channel failed to tender an unconditional apology within seven days of receipt of the notice, Puthiya Tamizhagam founder-president Dr K Krishnasamy told reporters.Krishnasamy said he had already demanded that Haasan and the channel (Star Vijay TV) tender the apology a fortnight ago for the remarks made by Gayatri Raghuram, while referring to another actor that her?s was ?cheri? (a reference to those living in slums and huts) behaviour and notice was issued for their failure do so.?I have already appealed to actor Gayathri Raguram, a Bigg Boss Tamil participant, to apologise for abusing another participant by saying that she was behaving like ?slum people?. The term, which has hurt members of a particular community, should have been edited out by the channel,? Krishnasamy told media persons at Kuniyamuthur here on Sunday. ?Though two weeks have passed, neither Gayathri Raguram nor show-host Kamal Haasan nor the TV channel have as yet apologised for using the term,? he was quoted in the New Indian Express as saying.The remarks by Gayatri had hurt the sentiments of those living in slums and huts as it showed them in poor light, he said. If they failed to apologise within seven days of the receipt of the notice, he would approach high court seeking Rs 100 crore as damages, Krishnsasmy said.Besides Haasan, notices were issued to Gayatri Raghuram, Deepk Dhar, CEO and managing director, Endemol Shine India, Mumbai, and Ajay Vidya Sagar, general manager, Star Vijay TV, Chennai, he said. \r\nA 14-year-old Mumbai boy killed himself on Saturday after jumping off the terrace of a seven-storey building. Police suspect that the boy was addicted to the online game 'Blue Whale' which demands players to complete 50 tasks in 50 days, with the last task being committing suicide. However, the police is officially yet to find the reason for his suicide.\r\nA 14-year-old boy in Andheri, a suburb of Mumbai, killed himself this weekend, jumping off the terrace of his seven-floor building on Saturday. Sources within the Mumbai Police tell India Today that the boy is believed to have been addicted to an online game known as 'Blue Whale'. Blue Whale is a challenge-based underground game with a shadowy history, and has previously been linked to suicides in Russia and other countries. However, officially, Mumbai Police has said that it is yet to find the reason behind the 14-year-old Andheri boy's suicide.The boy, a 9th standard student of an international school in Andheri, is survived by his parents and two sisters. He dreamed of becoming a pilot and had expressed a desire to go to Russia for training.\xa0On Saturday, a neighbour from a building adjoining the boy's spotted the teenager on the terrace, walking on parapet while shooting what seemed to be a selfie video. The boy then jumped off and killed himself.\xa0 The Mumbai Police have registered an accidental death report (ADR) in the matter and have ruled it to be a clear case of suicide.Cops, however, refused to confirm whether the suicide was linked to Blue Whale. Speaking to India Today, DCP Navinchandra Reddy said, "The parents have not given any information on the reason of suicide, they are in state of shock. We are investigating the case in all possible angles (sic)."BLUE WHALEBlue Whale is a video game said to have originated in Russia and its creator was reportedly arrested by Russian police earlier this year. The game gives players a series of 50 quests, with the final task asking them to commit suicide. The game also asks players to document the completion of each task in the form of photographs. The players are supposed to send the evidence of their completion to the game's administrator who then qualifies them to attempt the next task. Blue Whale's tasks range from the seemingly harmless - watching a scary video at 4 am - to the disturbing - writing/drawing on arms with a sharp object.For the final task, players are directed to jump off a terrace building while, again, documenting the act in the form of photos/video. \xa0According to media reports, Blue Whale has spread across several countries and taken lives of hundreds of teenagers. However, the Andheri suicide would likely be the first such case in India.Following the suicide, a WhatsApp message warning parents about Blue Whale has begun to do the rounds in Mumbai. The message, seen by India Today, references the Andheri suicide to say that parents should be wary of handing their children mobile phones or other devices that could allow them to access the online challenge.\r\nAfter reports of approximately a dozen such cases in Haryana, two women in Delhi have complained about their braids being chopped off by unknown persons. Both the cases, wherein women did not see who chopped off their braids, occurred in Kanganheri village. Following this, villagers decided to inform the police and take turns to keep round-the-clock guard. \r\nThe braids of three women in an outer Delhi village were chopped mysteriously by unknown persons on Sunday, leaving villagers scared and seeking superstitious remedies.The three incidents, which occurred over a period of about 12 hours on Sunday, took place in the houses where the women lived. Each of the women said the chopping of their braids happened soon after they experienced sudden unbearable headaches and fell unconscious. The braids were left behind at the spot.Though the police could neither comment confidently on the motive behind the mischief, nor trace the people behind it, they claimed that CCTV cameras had captured three men suspiciously roaming around in the village.Speaking to the media, Surender Kumar, DCP (south-west), vehemently opposed villagers? suspicion that these activities had supernatural connections. ?Witchcraft is totally ruled out. We are probing this in a scientific manner,? he said adding that theft could also be a possible motive. Villagers, however, denied any thefts in the area.According to media reports, around a dozen similar activities were reported in places such as Gurgaon, Palwal and Mewat in Haryana. However, Sunday was the first time this was reported in Delhi.The first victim was a 55-year-old woman living in Kanganheri village in outer Delhi?s Chhawla. A woman with red hair, she was returning home from her farm around 10.30 am on Sunday when she suddenly experienced a severe headache.The moment she entered her home, she locked the outermost six-feet high iron gate and jumped into a bed in the drawing room, leaving the drawing room door ajar. Her sleeping position was such that her face and gaze were away from the door.?Suddenly, I felt extreme pain in my head. I held my head and screamed for my grandchildren. But my screams were drowned in the sound of the cooler,? she told HT.When her granddaughter visited the drawing room a few minutes later, she found the woman unconscious on the floor. ?Her chopped braid was lying on the ground. We immediately informed the villagers and the police,? her son told HT. He had run out of the house to see if there was anyone, but he could not find any stranger.?No one approached me on my way back home from the farm. No one followed me into my house and no one touched me when I lay on the bed. I don?t remember anyone chopping off my hair either,? she said. Unaware of similar happenings in Haryana, the local police initially suspected the role of one of her relatives. But even as the villagers were discussing this unusual activity, a similar case happened in another house in the village with a population of over 5,000.This time it was a 45-year-old woman who had been dropped off at her home by her son around 8 pm. She had just got off the bike when she reported headache. Her son took her to bed and left. Within minutes, she experienced a similar pain and fell unconscious. When she woke up, she found her reddish braid chopped off. She too had not seen the culprit. By 11.30 pm, a 50-year-old woman living at the other end of the village lost her whitish braid. She had to be taken to a hospital before she regained consciousness. The same pattern in all three cases has prompted police to suspect that the culprits intoxicated the women.?There were also thefts at one or two of these women?s homes,? the DCP said. The villagers, however, rejected the police?s claims of intoxication or thefts. A case of poisoning, outraging the modesty of a woman, theft and under arms act has been registered at Chhawla police station.\r\nActor TJ Miller, who played the superhero's best friend in 'Deadpool', has said that more 'Deadpool' and R-rated superhero genre films will be made, depending on the success of 'Deadpool 2'. Miller added, "He (Deadpool) is almost the antidote to the poison that is those very milk-toast superhero genre films...(Deadpool's) present every couple of years to cleanse the palate."\r\nLos Angeles, Jul 30 (PTI) Actor TJ Miller says the team hopes to come up with many more installments to "Deadpool" after the second sequel is out. The 36-year-old actor, who plays sidekick Weasel to Ryan Reynolds antihero, hopes the upcoming movie will be a great hit, reported SFX Magazine. "Oh yeah... We had no idea! Now were going to make more Deadpools and there will be more R-rated superhero genre films. So thats, really good. All we need is for Deadpool 2 to be great," says Miller. \r\nA fire broke out on the seventh floor of Delhi's Shastri Bhawan on Monday due to a short circuit in air conditioner. No one was injured and the fire was extinguished within a few minutes after five fire tenders reached the spot. Notably, Shastri Bhawan accommodates ministries of Law, Information and Broadcasting, Human Resources Development, Corporate Affairs, Chemicals and Petrochemicals.\r\nA fire broke out on Monday at Shastri Bhawan in central Delhi after a short circuit in an air conditioner, police said.The fire, which broke out on the seventh floor, was doused within a few minutes and five fire tenders were rushed to the spot. This is however not the first time that fires have broken out in the Shastri Bhavan. In 2014, a fire broke out on the same floor. Earlier in March this year a minor fire broke out in the building?s third floor which houses coal and fertilizer ministries.Shastri Bhawan accommodates ministries of law, information and broadcasting, human resources development, corporate affairs, chemicals and petrochemicals.\r\nA photograph of primary school students in Madhya Pradesh's Neemuch district shows that the children are being forced to study in a disused toilet as there is no school building. While the school is run by a single teacher, the local MLA is reportedly not aware of the existence of any such school in his constituency.\r\nIf a picture is worth a thousand words, this one tells much more than that.A photograph of a group of primary school students studying in a toilet instead of a classroom in Neemuch district belies the tall claims of the Madhya Pradesh government about its efforts to improve education in the state. The students are being forced to study in a disused toilet because there is no school building. The primary school run by a single teacher is not situated in a remote area but at Mokhampura village which is only 35 km away from the Neemuch district headquarters. Shockingly, the local MLA is not even aware that such a school exists in his constituency, though the officials of the state education department acknowledge the appalling situation. The school was set up in 2012. For a year, the school had functioned out of a rented room. Now, that?s not available.A photograph of the school which has 34 children clearly shows that the room in which they are studying is a toilet that was built by the government. If that?s not bad enough, a few goats are sometimes tied in the toilet ? perhaps to prevent them from getting wet in the rain. School teacher Kailash Chandra says that he has been forced to take classes in the toilet because there is no school building. ?When the weather is fine in summer and winter, the classes are held under a tree, but now the earth is wet so I cannot hold the classes under a tree and am forced to use the toilet,? he told HT.Kailash Chandra said that it is not as if the higher-ups have not been informed. ?I have informed them of the condition a number of times over the years, but no one is paying any attention,? he said. But Manasa BJP MLA Kailash Chawla simply refused to acknowledge that there was any school in his constituency where children were studying in a toilet. However, the district education office K C Sharma said that he had written to the state education department about the situation and had sent proposal for construction of a school building.\r\nDelhi's Department of Environment is reportedly drawing a standard operating procedure to dispose the road dust collected by more than a dozen mechanical sweepers in order to control the air pollution level in the city. Additionally, the Public Works Department has floated a tender to procure six more sweeping machines this year.\r\nThe state environment department is drawing up a plan to properly dispose of tonnes of road dust that is collected by mechanical sweepers every day.The city has more than a dozen mechanical sweepers which keeps the road free of dust. More such vehicles are being procured by both the civic bodies and the PWD.?There is, however, no proper mechanism or standard operating procedure on how to dump the dust collected so that they don?t return to the city after disposal,? said a senior official of the state public works department.Road dust is one of the major contributors to the particulate pollutants in Delhi?s air. The mechanical sweepers were introduced as manual sweeping by brooms blow more dust particles in air than it cleans off the ground. Data from Central Pollution Control Board shows that after a lull of five years post 2010, the level of particulate matter in Delhi?s air has shot up. Microscopic particles, PM10 and PM2.5, are responsible for dangerous pulmonary and cardiac problems.At present the dust collected is mostly taken to the landfill sites and dumped. When the wind blows these particles return to the city rendering the entire sweeping process ineffective.?Even a light wind would be able to raise a dust storm if the dumped dust is not dampened with water or have a green cover over it. The plan that is being formulated have taken into consideration all these factors,? said an official of the state environment department. Earlier in June, the Lieutenant Governor of Delhi, Anil Baijal, during a meeting to review the status of measures taken by various agencies to combat air pollution in Delhi had directed the Delhi Pollution Control Committee to come up with a standard operating procedure to come up with a disposal plan.?We have already drawn up a draft plan for the proper disposal of the road dust that is collected by the mechanical sweepers. The plan has been sent to the civic bodies and PWD for suggestions. Once we receive the suggestions we would finalise the plan,? said a senior officer of the state environment department.While the New Delhi Municipal Council has five machines which are functional and are capable of cleaning major avenue roads of NDMC areas, the PWD has six machines. The South Delhi Municipal Corporation has recently procured six machines.More such sweepers are expected to join the fleet as the PWD has floated a tender to purchase six more machines which are expected to be delivered by September, 2017. The two other MCDs also expect to get the first lost of mechanical sweepers very soon.\r\nA woman in Assam killed her husband for allegedly raping their teenage daughter. "The woman alleges that her husband routinely misbehaved with their daughter and had even raped her. That's the reason she decided to kill him," police said. Husband's body was found in a field by villagers and bore several wound marks, probably inflicted by a sharp dagger. \r\nA 45-year old man in Assam?s in Lakhimpur district was murdered by his wife on Sunday for allegedly raping the couple?s teenage daughter. Manik Narah, a resident of Nowboicha in upper Assam, was killed by his wife Junaki who accused  him of raping their daughter on several occasions. ?The woman alleges that her husband routinely misbehaved with their daughter and had even raped her. That?s the reason she decided to kill him,? Sudhakar Singh, superintendant of police Lakhimpur told HT. Narah?s body, which bore several wound marks, was found from a field by villagers. Preliminary investigation suggests he may have died due to excessive bleeding from injuries inflicted by a sharp dagger.Despite her allegations of rape and sexual misconduct, Junaki had not filed any complaint against her husband with the police. ?We believe two more people, who are on the run, were involved in the murder. The woman has been arrested and investigations are on to ascertain the exact reason for the murder,? said Singh. Police quoting villagers say the victim used to misbehave with other girls in the area. \r\nA Kerala BJP unit has alleged that CPI(M) workers hurled a petrol bomb at an RSS office in the state, causing damage to the building. This was followed by CPI(M) blaming BJP-RSS activists for pelting stones at a committee office of CPI(M) trade union-wing CITU. Notably, the state has been witnessing unrest after an RSS worker was killed last week.\r\nStones were on Monday thrown at the district committee office of the CPI-M?s trade union wing CITU while a petrol bomb was hurled at the RSS district office in fresh incidents of violence in Kottayam.The BJP district unit alleged that CPI(M) workers hurled a petrol bomb at the RSS district office, causing extensive damage to the building situated at Thirunakkara in the town.They slammed the police for not taking steps to provide adequate security cover for RSS-BJP offices in the town.Window panes of the CITU office were damaged in the attack believed to be carried out by a gang of five men who reached there on three motorcycles at 2.30am, police said. They hurled stones at the office, police said.Condemning the incident, the CPI(M) Kottayam district secretary VN Vasavan alleged that BJP-RSS activists were behind the attack.He alleged that BJP-RSS workers destroyed publicity boards and hoardings of CPI(M) and its allied organisations during their dawn-to-dusk hartal in the town on Sunday.Eight RSS-BJP workers have been taken into custody in this connection, police said.The BJP had called for a dawn-to-dusk state-wide hartal on Sunday to protest the killing of RSS worker Rajesh near Thiruvanathapuram on Saturday.Kottayam district police chief N Ramachandran visited the offices targeted by the miscreants.Adequate police security has been provided to offices of CPI(M), CITU, RSS and the BJP following the incident, police said.The state had been witnessing a series of violent incidents allegedly involving BJP-RSS and CPI-M workers with the state capital Thiruvanathapuram rocked by incidents of attacks on houses of rival partymen in the past few days. \r\nIndian shuttler C Rahul Yadav and the men's doubles pair of Manu Attri and B Sumeeth Reddy clinched the men's singles and men's doubles title respectively at Lagos International challenge in Nigeria. The 19-year-old Yadav defeated compatriot Karan Rajan Rajarajan 21-15, 21-13 in the men's singles final, while in the women's singles, India's Mugdha Agrey won the silver medal.\r\nIndian shuttler C Rahul Yadav and men?s doubles pair of Manu Attri and B Sumeeth Reddy clinched the men?s singles and men?s doubles title respectively at Lagos International challenge in Nigeria.Fourth-seeded Rahul surpassed compatriot Karan Rajan Rajarajan 21-15 21-13 in the summit clash to lay claim to the title at the Molade Okoya-Thomas Hall of the Teslim Balogun Stadium on Saturday.The 19-year-old, who had won the Mauritius Open last year, stunned top-seed and World No. 55 Misha Zilberman in the semifinals.READ?|?PV Sindhu appointed as Deputy Collector in Andhra Pradesh governmentA shuttler from Gopi Chand Academy, Rahul had recently won the bronze medal in the Russain Open Grand Prix.In the doubles summit clash, top-seeds Manu and Sumeeth, who played at the Rio Olympics, defeated local pair of Godwin Olofua and Anouluwapo Juwon Opeyori 21-13 21-15.In women?s singles, India?s Mugdho Agrey finished as runners-up after losing 12-21 14-21 to Sri Lanka?s Thilini Pramodika Hendahewa in the finals.\r\nSenior JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav on Monday termed party chief Nitish Kumar's decision to join hands with the BJP again as unfortunate and against the people's mandate. "I don't agree with the decision in Bihar. It is unfortunate. The mandate of the people (2015 Bihar Assembly Polls) was not for this," he added.\r\nSenior Janata Dal (United) leader Sharad Yadav on Monday said he didn?t agree with the decision in Bihar, calling it unfortunate in his first comments on his party walking out of the ruling grand alliance and going back to the BJP.Talking to mediapersons in Delhi, Yadav said the mandate was not for the JD (U) to join hands with the BJP.?I don?t agree with the decision in Bihar. It is unfortunate,? Yadav told reporters outside Parliament.?The mandate of the people (2015 Bihar assembly polls) was not for this,? the Rajya Sabha member said.Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar had on July 26 resigned his position, ending his party?s two-year tie-up with the Rashtriya Janata Dal and the Congress. Kumar, who is also the JD (U) president, returned as the chief minister in less than 18 hours with the backing of the BJP with which he had broken ties in 2013.Kumar walked out of the ruling coalition citing corruption charges against his deputy Tejashwi Yadav, who is the son of and RJD chief Lalu Prasad.While some senior JD (U) leaders have publically spoke against Kumar?s move, Yadav had not said anything until Monday. The RJD and the Congress have accused Kumar of being an opportunist and joining hands with ?communal and fascist forces? he had promised to take on.Reports have said Kumar and finance minister Arun Jaitley spoke to Yadav and tried to mollify him.Prasad said on Saturday he had spoken to Yadav and invited him to lead the fight against the BJP and Kumar.Kumar?s decision to end the so-called grand alliance not only altered dramatically the political scenario in India?s third most populous state but also dealt a blow to the opposition parties looking to replicate the Bihar model to take on the BJP in the 2019 Lok Sabha election.\r\nTwo boys at a school in Haryana's Mewat were allegedly forced to recite the Quran and adopt Islam. This was revealed in their application asking for a transfer and school leaving certificate. An enquiry was set up in the matter which revealed that along with the teachers, some fellow students also forced them to offer namaz with them.\r\nThe incident of two boys being allegedly forced to recite the Quran and espouse the cause of Islam at a Mewat school came to light after they applied for a School Leaving Certificate and a transfer.?On the face of it, it was a simple transfer application. But the devil was in the details. The deputy commissioner immediately sent a team to the school and appropriate action was taken,? Shamim Ahmed, project officer of the Mewat Development Agency (under which the  school is run), and one of the members of the inquiry committee who would look into the issue, said.Officials said they further got to know later that not only the teachers, against whom action was taken on Friday, but also some students of school in Madhi village, allegedly forced the students to offer namaz with them, and follow Islam.?When I complained on July 22, I didn?t name any of the teachers. I said that the boys were being forced and threatened in the school, and more particularly in the hostel,? said 40-year-old Pushpa Bhardwaj, mother of Sagar Bhardwaj, a class 9 student.Only three out of the 207 students in the school were Hindus - two of whom are cousins Sagar Bharadwaj and Kaushal Vashisht (class 8 student).Kaushal?s father, Mohan Sharma, added that the only solution he could think of was getting his son out of the school.?Kaushal and Sagar had joined the school from this session and wanted to stay at the hostel, so we let them,? Kaushal?s father said.The third Hindu student, a Class 9 student, filed a complaint to the school principal on Saturday, a day after the district officials inspected the school.Sagar?s mother said that the complaint of the third student, mentions even more grievous charges. ?I am troubled by the teachers and the students who force us (Hindu students) to offer namaz, follow Islamic norms. The teachers often say bad things about other religions,? the complaint reads.\r\nAt least 10 people, including an election candidate, were killed on Sunday in violent protests which erupted as the country voted for a new legislative body tasked with rewriting the Constitution. The country's opposition parties boycotted the vote, which they say is aimed at consolidating President Nicolas Maduro's power and is a bid to install a dictatorship.\r\nA wave of bloodshed swept Venezuela on Sunday as troops cracked down on violent protests against elections to choose the members of a powerful assembly that President Nicolas Maduro has tasked with writing a new constitution.Protesters attacked polling stations and barricaded streets around the country, drawing a bloody response from security forces, who opened fire with live ammunition in some cases.At least 10 people were killed, prompting the United States to threaten further ?strong and swift? sanctions on Maduro?s government.Senior opposition leader Henrique Capriles called on Venezuelans to continue defying the deeply unpopular Maduro with new protests against the election and the ?massacre? he said accompanied it.?We do not recognize this fraudulent process,? he said at the close of voting, calling for nationwide marches Monday and a mass protest in Caracas Wednesday, the day the new ?Constituent Assembly? is due to be installed.Maduro has decreed a ban on protests during and after the vote, threatening prison terms of up to 10 years.The socialist president is gambling his four-year rule on the 545-member assembly, which will be empowered to dissolve the opposition-controlled congress and rewrite the constitution.But the unrest fueled fears that his insistence on convening the assembly -- despite months of demonstrations and fierce international criticism -- would only plunge the country deeper into chaos.Ten deadProsecutors said 10 people were killed in violence around the vote, bringing the death toll in four months of protests to some 120 people.Those killed included a candidate for the new assembly, a regional opposition leader, two teenage protesters and a soldier in the western state of Tachira, which saw some of the worst violence.In eastern Caracas, seven police were wounded when an improvised explosive targeted their motorcycle convoy.National guard troops used armored vehicles, rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse protesters blocking roads in the west of the capital.Soldiers also violently moved against protesters in the second city of Maracaibo, in the west, and Puerto Ordaz in the east.The opposition had called for a boycott and mass demonstrations against the election, which it condemned as a bid to install a dictatorship.?This constituent assembly is being born in a bloodbath. It is born illegitimate,? said Nicmer Evans, a prominent socialist turned Maduro critic, alleging widespread irregularities.Maduro vote glitchMaduro kicked off voting by casting his ballot in a west Caracas polling station.?I?m the first voter in the country. I ask God for his blessings so the people can freely exercise their democratic right to vote,? he said. He was accompanied by his wife, Cilia Flores, a candidate for the new assembly.He got a technological snub when he scanned his ID card at the polling station and the screen spit out the words, ?This person does not exist or the ID was canceled.?Maduro, whose term is meant to end in 2019, describes the election as the most important in Venezuelan history.?I have come to vote to tell the gringos and the opposition that we want peace, not war, and that we support Maduro,? said voter Ana Contreras.Turnout will be key to determining the legitimacy of the election.But that will be difficult to ascertain, as most voters will be able to vote twice: once by region and once by social or industrial sector.According to polling firm Datanalisis, more than 70 percent of Venezuelans oppose the idea of the new assembly -- and 80 percent reject Maduro?s leadership.?The people are not going to give up the streets until this awful government goes,? protester Carlos Zambrano, 54, told AFP in western Caracas.Venezuelans also protested in Miami, Madrid and various Latin American cities.The number of Venezuelans living abroad has soared as the once-booming oil producer has descended into a devastating economic crisis marked by shortages, runaway inflation, riots and looting.US sanctionsFear of the violence worsening has rippled across the region, and beyond. The US, the EU, Canada and Latin American powers including Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Mexico have condemned the election.?Maduro?s sham election is another step toward dictatorship,? tweeted US envoy to the United Nations Nikki Haley.Britain?s junior foreign minister Alan Duncan also described the vote as a ?sham,? as did many experts.?The vote means the end of any trace of democratic rule. Maduro?s blatant power grab removes any ambiguity about whether Venezuela is a democracy,? said Michael Shifter, head of the Inter-American Dialogue research center.Several foreign airlines, including Air France, Delta, Avianca and Iberia have suspended flights to Venezuela over security concerns.The US has ordered the families of its diplomats to leave after imposing sanctions on 13 current and former Venezuelan officials.It threatened further sanctions against Caracas.?We will continue to take strong and swift actions against the architects of authoritarianism in Venezuela, including those who participate in the National Constituent Assembly as a result of today?s flawed election,? US State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement.\r\nWhile addressing leaders of his party on Saturday, recently ousted Pakistani PM Nawaz Sharif asked if everyone else in the country is "Sadiq and Ameen" (honest and righteous). "I'm proud that I have not been declared ineligible over charges of corruption," Sharif said about his disqualification from the country's top post for not disclosing his earnings during the 2013 election.\r\nNawaz Sharif, still smarting from the shock disqualification by the Supreme Court for dishonesty, wants to know if everyone else in Pakistan was ?Sadiq and Ameen? or honest and righteous.The apex court on Friday disqualified 67-year-old Sharif for dishonesty and ruled that corruption cases be filed against him and his children over the Panama Papers scandal, forcing him to resign from premiership.The court?s ruling stated that Sharif had been dishonest in not disclosing his earnings from a Dubai-based company of his son in his nomination papers during the 2013 general election.One of the apex court judges, Justice Ejaz Afzal Khan, said that Sharif was no longer ?eligible to be an honest member of the parliament?.Addressing leaders of his Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) on Saturday, Sharif said, ?You should be proud that your leader doesn?t have a stain of corruption on him.??I am proud that I have not been declared ineligible over charges of corruption,? he said at the PML-N?s parliamentary meeting that approved his brother and Punjab chief minister Shehbaz Sharif as his successor.The former premier claimed he did not receive any kickbacks or commissions and never compromised on principles.?When I never took a salary, what would I declare,? he said, referring to the Supreme Court judgement that led to his ouster. ?When you take something, there?s a problem; when you don?t, there?s a problem,? he observed.?Is it only my family that should be held accountable? Is everyone else in this country Sadiq (honest) and Ameen (righteous)?? he asked.?My conscience is clear,? he asserted. ?If I had done something wrong; or took something from this country that was not mine, I would have felt the guilt myself,? he said.Meanwhile, Rehman Malik, former interior minister and a senior member of the Pakistan Peoples Party, has commented that the phrases Sadiq and Amin are part of Pakistan?s Constitution under Article 62 and 63, applicable on public holders and it explains the criterion of ?qualifications for a member of Majlis-i-Shoora (parliament)?.Further, he says that its clause (e) reads: ?Has adequate knowledge of Islamic teachings and practices obligatory duties prescribed by Islam as well as abstains from major sins?.The law under Article 62 also states that he who shall be elected a Member of Parliament should be sagacious, righteous and non-profligate, honest and ameen, there being no declaration to the contrary by a court of law, Malik said in a recent opinion piece in The Nation.However, Malik rued that ?it disheartens the soul to see public office holders including politicians and officials taking cover behind these words - Sadiq and Ameen - and openly being dishonest in their actions and deeds.? \r\nAddressing a military parade on Sunday to mark the 90th anniversary of the country's Army, Chinese President Xi Jinping said the Army has the capability to defeat invading enemies and protect the country's sovereignty. This comes amid the ongoing China-India military standoff over the disputed Doklam region in which China has accused India of trespassing into its territory.\r\nThe People?s Liberation Army (PLA) has the capability to defeat ?invading? enemies and protect the country?s sovereignty, President Xi Jinping told China?s armed forces on Sunday amid the Sino-India military standoff at the Donglang area near the Sikkim border.Addressing a military parade to mark the 90th anniversary of the PLA at the Zhurihe combat training base in Inner Mongolia, Xi in camouflage military fatigue, said, ?The PLA has the confidence and capability to defeat all invading enemies and protect China?s national sovereignty, security and development interests.??The PLA also has the confidence and capability to build a stronger military and make new and greater contribution to realising China?s two centenary goals and the Chinese dream of national rejuvenation, and safeguarding world peace,? Xi was quoted as having said by the official media. In this photo released by China's Xinhua News Agency, Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops perform a flag raising ceremony for the parade.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThere was no direct reference to India or any mention of the ongoing military standoff in the Donglang (Doklam) area in the excerpts of Xi?s speech released by the official media but the reference to ?invading enemies? seems to be clear indication who the Chinese President was talking about.China?s officials and media have repeatedly alleged that Indian troops had ?invaded? and ?illegally trespassed? into Chinese territory in Donglang by crossing an established border in Sikkim.It was the first time that Xi presided over such a large military parade in the field, official news agency, Xinhua reported.The Xinhua report added that Xi stood in an open-roof vehicle that drove slowly past troop formations to a backdrop of military music.In this photo released by China's Xinhua News Agency, Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops march in formation as they arrive for the military parade.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe report said: ?Every few moments, Xi called out ?Salute to you, comrades,? to which assembled troops responded ?Hail to you, chairman?.?Xi alternated the greeting with ?Comrades, thanks for your hard work,? to which soldiers replied ?Serve the people!??Follow the Party! Fight to win! Forge exemplary conduct!? Servicemen and women exclaimed to Xi.China has blamed India for the ongoing impasse, accusing Indian soldiers of trespassing and preventing Chinese soldiers from building a road in the region which is also claimed by Bhutan.Beijing wants India to withdraw its troops from Donglang before the two sides can open talks. New Delhi says the road, if built, will have serious security implications for India.Chinese foreign minister, Wang Yi has so far been the highest ranking Chinese politician to have directly blamed India on the military impasse.Wang told reporters in Bangkok last week that the ?problem was very straightforward? and that ?even Indian officials publicly said that Chinese soldiers didn?t enter the Indian territory. In other words, Indian side admitted (crossing) into Chinese territory.?The resolution of the problem is very ?simple?, he said: ?Indian troops have to go out?.Xi?s mentioning of ?invading enemies? is very significant as he is both general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) and chairman of the Central Military Commission.\r\nThe police has banned jogging in groups in Sierra Leone, citing public order and safety. The police accused people jogging in groups of "raining insults, obstructing traffic, pounding on vehicles, playing loud music, and snatching property from other members of the public." It said violators "will be dealt with according to law. You have been warned."\r\nPolice in Sierra Leone have banned group jogging in the street on the grounds that it encourages disruptive behaviour.?Police headquarters has observed with dismay that people are in the habit of jogging in large numbers along the streets with a hint of menace, raining insults, obstructing traffic, pounding on vehicles, playing loud music, and snatching property from other members of the public,? police in the west African state announced.The letter, dated 27 July, said an immediate ban on such activities was being enforced ?in line with the constitutional consideration for public order and safety?.The announcement caused upset among some in the capital of Freetown. Mohamed Kamara, a civil servant, disputed that there had been any any major incidents caused by joggers. ?We usually team up with neighbourhood youths on weekends to jog to the beach where we play football and return peacefully,? Kamara said.Jogging and playing football in large numbers has helped transform many violent youths within his community, Kamara said.TV celebrity Amadu Lamarana Bah said the restriction was a waste of police time and affected young people who wanted to exercise in a country where cities have few recreational areas. ?I believe there are more serious security issues you must be paying attention to,? Bah said on Facebook.?Armed robbery and gang violence in communities should be your concern not those harmless youths who exercise on weekends.? A local non-government organisation, the Campaign for Human Rights and Development International (CHRDI), called on police to ensure the ban upheld national and international law and freedom of assembly. Group jogging has taken on a political tinge in parts of Sierra Leone. Presidential candidates have organised fun runs in Freetown and the northern town of Makeni, with participants wearing T-shirts bearing the name of the party.The police letter said ?individuals desiring to jog for health reasons? were ?at liberty to do so, but at recreational facilities or at the beach?.But, it added, ?any group of persons now found jogging in the streets without authorisation will be dealt with according to law. You have been warned.?\r\nEngland cricketers took the London Underground (The Tube) to reach The Oval for the third day of the Test against South Africa, the record 100th Test at the stadium. Joe Root, Stuart Broad, James Anderson, and Jonny Bairstow were among those who took the train. Broad was photographed at the platform, looking at an advertisement featuring him alongside other sportspersons.\r\nBefore they consolidated their hold on the ongoing third Test at The Oval against South Africa, a few of England cricketers took the underground tube in London to reach the ground which is hosting his record 100th Test match, on Saturday.On a rain-truncated third day of the ongoing third Test, England shot South Africa out for a mere 175, and by the time the play was stopped, the hosts had accumulated an overall lead of 252 runs with nine wickets intact in their second essay.READ | Toby Roland-Jones joins elite England club after heroics against South AfricaEngland had posted an at-par total of 353 in their first innings, and seized control of the Test when debutant Toby Roland-Jones wreaked havoc in the South African ranks, claiming 5 for 57.Roland-Jones was in that bunch of cricketers who on Saturday morning took the London tube from the Bank Station. England captain Joe Root, Stuart Broad, James Anderson, and Jonny Bairstow were among those who took the train like the common London commuter to his workplace.#morningcommute @StuartBroad8 not awkward at all. pic.twitter.com/0uKohIGfRX? Joe Root (@root66) July 29, 2017As they waited for the train to arrive, Broad looked content at an advertisement poster in front of him for UK broadcaster Sky Sports. Broad posted on Instagram about the train travel with his teammates.     #morningcommute #london Off to the Test! ?? A post shared by Stuart Broad (@stuartbroad8) on Jul 29, 2017 at 1:03am PDT While Root and Broad posted on social media about their travel in the tube, there was one man who seemingly enjoyed the journey without actually being there. It was Alex Hales.You can even see the smug look of self-satisfaction from behind him pic.twitter.com/pSm7LKMIXO? Alex Hales (@AlexHales1) July 29, 2017Almost as smug as this one! pic.twitter.com/QvfhdjSyrb? Alex Hales (@AlexHales1) July 29, 2017England were 74 for 1 in their second innings, with Keaton Jennings (34) and Tom Westley (28) at the crease. \r\nRejecting Congress' claims of its Gujarat MLAs being poached by BJP, Union Minister Prakash Javadekar said, "It is like a thief attacking a cop." Talking about Congress' move to send its Gujarat MLAs to Bengaluru to refrain them from shifting parties, Javadekar said their lawmakers were "enjoying themselves" there while BJP's were busy providing relief to the state's flood-hit people.\r\nRejecting the Congress? charge of poaching its MLAs in Gujarat, the BJP has said it had no role in the recent desertion by six of its legislators and wondered whether they were ?purchasable?.It also said that the sole of aim of the Congress was to save its vice president Rahul Gandhi in the country and Ahmed Patel in Gujarat.Taking a dig at the Congress after it ferried its MLAs to Bengaluru to keep its flock together ahead of the August 8 Rajya Sabha polls in Gujarat, Union minister Prakash Javadekar said the lawmakers were ?enjoying themselves? there while those of the BJP were busy providing relief to the flood-hit people in the state.The party shepherded 44 lawmakers on Friday night to the holiday retreat in Karnakata after a spate of resignation of its MLAs amid allegations that the ruling BJP in Gujarat were bribing and coercing them ahead of the August 8 vice-presidential election.?Gujarat Congress leaders are leveling allegations at the BJP in Bengaluru. It is like a thief attacking a cop. If their leaders are leaving them, it has nothing to do with us,? Javadekar told PTI on Sunday after the Congress attacked the saffron party.He noted that senior Congress leaders like Shankersinh Vaghela, a former chief minister and the leader of opposition, its chief whip Balwantsinh Rajput and its spokesperson Tejashreeben Patel have left the party and wondered if the opposition party was suggesting that they could be ?bought?.?They are all strong leaders. Nobody can purchase them. The Congress should look inwards and think why such senior leaders are leaving it. The truth is that its only goal is to save Rahul Gandhi in the country and Ahmed Patel in Gujarat,? he said.Patel is seeking re-election to the Rajya Sabha from Gujarat but defection by a number of Congress MLAs has left the party worried. The BJP has fielded Rajput, who quit the Congress on Thursday, against Patel to further queer his pitch.The Congress was growing weak across the country and it was not BJP?s fault, Javadekar said.In Ahmedabad, chief minister Vijay Rupani alleged that the decision to fly the Congress MLAs to Bengaluru amid flood-like situation in the state was taken by Patel out of his ?greed? to win the election.?Sonia Gandhi?s affection for her son has drowned the Congress in the entire country. Though the citizens rejected Rahul Gandhi?s leadership, Sonia?s ?putramoh? sank Congress. Similarly, Ahmed Patel?s greed to save his Rajya Sabha seat here will sink Gujarat Congress,? he said.According to Rupani, the Congress MLAs from flood-hot Banaskantha and other affected regions should have stayed with the people in this difficult time.?Out of his greed to win the Rajya Sabha poll, he (Patel) sent 40 Congress MLAs to Bengaluru. Some of them belonged to those districts which are badly hit by flood. Patel forced them to leave their constituencies, as he was only concerned about his Rajya Sabha seat,? the chief minister alleged.?The people of Gujarat are watching this. I believe that the Gujarat Congress will sink only because of Ahmed Patel,? he added.Patel, however, refuted Rupani?s allegation and said the Congress MLAs were forced to leave the state by the BJP-led state government.In the 182-member Gujarat Assembly, the strength of the Congress has gone down to 51 from 57 after six of its MLAs tendered their resignations.Party spokesperson Shaktisinh Gohil said the Congress legislators are willing to return home if Rupani promises their safety.?We have been threatened, offered money to defect and some have done so,? Gohil, the Congress MLA for Abdasa in the Kutch region, told reporters in Bengaluru.\r\nThe Delhi High Court has warned two Delhi residents against feeding or sheltering stray dogs in the common area of a private property stating that dogs can "cause fear and discomfort" to others living there. Notably, the Supreme Court had earlier ruled that "stray dogs have a right to live" over a submission demanding complete elimination of stray dogs.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 30 (PTI) Feeding or sheltering stray dogs in the common area of a private property can cause nuisance, the Delhi High Court has said, warning two south Delhi residents to ensure that the canines do not cause fear or discomfort to others. A bench of Justices Vipin Sanghi and Rekha Palli told the two respondents that they cannot be permitted to keep stray dogs in the common driveway of a private property which was jointly owned by others, if their neighbours did not approve. The court also said in a recent order that the two cannot feed the dogs or chain them in the driveway. The bench said it was the duty of the two "to ensure that the stray dogs do not cause any nuisance to the other residents within the same property and in the neighbourhood". The court noted that keeping stray dogs would "cause fear and discomfort" to others living or coming there "who are not accustomed to keeping pet dogs". "The nuisance caused by the conduct of respondent nos.3 and 4 (the two individual respondents) in sheltering the stray dogs in the common driveway in the present case is writ large from the photographs placed on record. "To a person, who is not accustomed to keeping pet dogs, it also causes fear and discomfort to walk into a property where stray dogs are kept either chained or let loose," it said. The bench said it "rues the lack of civic sense and concern exhibited" by the two towards their fellow inhabitants in their immediate neighbourhood. "Their concern for the stray dogs also appears to us to be superficial and lacks commitment. Otherwise, the dogs would not have been left in such unhygienic and filthy conditions, as appear from the photographs on record," the bench said. It directed them to "stop chaining, feeding or sheltering the stray dogs in the driveway of the aforesaid property. It shall also be the obligation of respondent nos.3 and 4 to ensure that the said dogs do not defecate in the driveway, and if they do so, it shall be their responsibility to clean up the same." It directed the Station House Officer of Malviya Nagar police station, under whose jurisdiction the property fell, to ensure strict compliance of this order. The order came on the plea by one Om Prakash Saini, who jointly holds the property with the two respondents, claiming that keeping and feeding the stray dogs in the common driveway was "causing immense nuisance and harassment for the other residents". The court has listed the matter for further hearing on September 1. The order comes in the backdrop of a January order of the Supreme Court which categorically said "stray dogs have a right to live." During that hearing, the apex court had reacted sharply when a submission was made that such canines should be completely eliminated across the country. \r\nMaharashtra has topped the list for the maximum number of applications for fresh registration under Goods and Services Tax with over 1.3 lakh applications. Maharashtra is followed by Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh with 90,000 and 87,000 registrations, respectively. According to Goods and Services Tax Network's Chairman, over 10 lakh applications from across the country have been received so far.\r\nMaharashtra, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh have emerged as the states from where maximum number of applications for fresh registration under the recently-launched Goods and Services Tax (GST) has been received.The GST Network (GSTN), which that supports the entire IT mechanism for the new tax structure, has so far received about 10 lakh applications for new registrations. Out of these, 1,32,448 applications have poured in from Maharashtra while about 90,000 came from Gujarat and over 87,000 from Uttar Pradesh. West Bengal and Tamil Nadu made up the top part of the list with more than 75,000 applications each.?We have received about 10 lakh new registrations. We are receiving about 40-45,000 applications every day,? GSTN chairman Navin Kumar told Hindustan Times.Read more: PM Modi says GST not just a tax reform, it will promote honesty The number of fresh registrations has been relatively lower in the north-eastern states. Businesses have time until July 30 to register under the GST -- touted as the one tax structure for the entire country-- which was launched on the midnight of June 30.Kumar said that of the existing 80 lakh taxpayers, who have been paying service tax, central excise or value added tax, about 71 lakh have migrated to GST. While the window to migrate from the existing structure to the unified tax regime will be open till July end, Kumar said several may not migrate to the new tax structure as businesses with turnover of up to Rs 20 lakh were exempted from GST.Read more: Arun Jaitley releases case study on GST Government sources said that the GST Council is set to tweak tax rates of a few items, besides bringing in procedural changes. Kumar added that a 12 hour helpline?operating from 8am to 8pm-- has been set up to assist merchants in uploading their invoices and other data relevant for fresh registration under GST.\r\nThe Ghaziabad Police on Sunday said they have arrested five persons for smuggling liquor and three persons for alleged drug peddling over the past week during raids conducted in the city. The police recovered 304 cartons of liquor during routine checking drives and also seized nine kilograms of marijuana from the drug peddlers.\r\nweek: Police Ghaziabad, Jul 29 (PTI) The Ghaziabad police today said it has arrested five persons on charges of smuggling liquor and three for alleged drug peddling in the past week during several raids in the district. Senior Superintendent of Police H N Singh said in this week the police has recovered 304 cartons of liquor during its routine checking drives at intersections of Sector C-8 and A-7 under Tronica City Police Station. \r\nAs many as 76 passengers were rescued from cable cars suspended over a river in German city Cologne after a gondola crashed into a support pillar on Sunday. Passengers were left stranded, and children were seen clinging to parents while dangling as many as 40 metres above the river. The fire department lowered them to safety from the cable cars. \r\nUp to 76 people were rescued from cable cars suspended over the river Rhine in Cologne on Sunday afternoon after a gondola crashed into a support pillar, leaving passengers stranded. German fire crews lowered people to safety from cable cars in a dramatic recovery operation, with children seen clinging to parents as they dangled 40 metres above the river. German media reported that rescue teams in Cologne had practised for an incident on the gondola just a week ago.A pregnant woman and a man were slightly injured in the rescue mission in which mobile cranes were used to bring the stranded passengers to safety. No other injuries were reported.Public transportation authorities for the city in North-Rhine-Westphalia state said 32 gondolas were operating when the incident occurred. An official cause has not been announced, but there was strong wind at the time. Martina and Hans-Peter Rieger, the first to be rescued, were celebrating their 41st wedding anniversary on a day out in Cologne when the cable cars stopped. ?That will always be in our memory,? Mr Rieger said. ?Fortunately, we were given hand signals to tell us we should remain calm and the incident was nothing bad.?Emergency services from Aachen and Dusseldorf assisted fire crews with the rescue.  Henriette Reker, the mayor of Cologne, said: ?I would like to thank the Cologne fire brigade for their great dedication. This meant that the passengers could be rescued quickly. My thoughts were with the children and adults, who had to wait courageously and patiently for many hours.? The cable cars in Cologne are a popular means of transport, connecting the zoo to the Rheinpark across the river. The system remained close on Sunday evening as officials worked to establish the cause. \r\nIn a letter to PM Narendra Modi, over 100 military veterans condemned rising mob violence incidents against Dalits and Muslims and expressed concern over alleged climate of fear and suppression of dissent. Veterans said they stand with the 'Not in My Name' campaign and for "Unity in Diversity". They added if they'll not speak, they would be disservicing the country.\r\nMore than 100 military veterans have in a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned targeting of Muslims and Dalits by ?self-appointed protectors of Hinduism?, saying India?s strength is its diversity, media reports said on Monday.The letter also expressed concern over alleged climate of fear and suppression of dissent, as it backed the ?Not In My Name? campaign that saw people across the country holding protest demonstrations against mob violence and cow vigilantism.?We can no longer look away. We would be doing a disservice to our country if we do not stand up and speak for the liberal and secular values that our Constitution espouses. Our diversity is our greatest strength,? The Telegraph quoted the letter as saying. The letter has also been sent to state chief ministers.The letter signed by retired army, naval and air force officers said prevalent atmosphere was against everything that the armed forces and the Constitution stood for, a report in NDTV said.?We are witness to unprecedented attacks on society at large by the relentless vigilantism of self-appointed protectors of Hinduism. We condemn the targeting of Muslims and Dalits,? the letter said.The armed forces stood for unity in diversity and differences in religion, language, caste or culture had never come in the way of servicemen performing their duty, the veteran said.India has recently seen a rise in violence in the name of cow, held sacred by many Hindus. Several states have enacted laws and prescribed stringent punishment for smuggling and slaughtering of the animal, which is banned in most parts of the country. Muslims and Dalits have been the worst hit by cow vigilantism, which has also been condemned by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. \r\nDelhi civic bodies reportedly plan to make the acts of littering in public places and allowing mosquito breeding in households criminal offences with appropriate jail terms. The imprisonment will vary from one month to six months depending on the severity of the violation. This comes after Municipal Corporation officials said existing penalties were too weak to deter violators. \r\nTrash the city and you may end up behind bars.To deter litterbugs, Delhi's BJP-ruled civic bodies are planning to make discarding of waste in public places and even allowing mosquito breeding in households a criminal offence with appropriate jail terms under the Indian Penal Code.The East Delhi Municipal Corporation has already issued orders in this regard and the two other agencies will follow suit, officials said. Municipal magistrates will keep a check on violators and ensure they are prosecuted. A person can get a maximum jail term of six months for such an offence.The Narendra Modi government last year directed states to start levying fines for littering, open defecation and public urination as the Prime Minister's flagship Swachh Bharat Mission failed to have the desired effect in urban areas. 'EXISTING PENALTY TOO WEAK'According to MCD officials, the existing penalty on violating sanitation bylaws is too weak to deter people and so it was decided to slap criminal charges on them. The imprisonment would vary from one month to six months depending on severity of the violation."To keep Delhi free of littering and insanitary conditions, various provisions of IPC and the Delhi Municipal Corporation (DMC) Act may be invoked against the violators...departments may proceed accordingly," said an order issued by the chief law officer of the East Delhi Municipal Corporation.Public spaces in the Capital often are eyesores full of rotting piles of garbage along the streets, in neighbourhoods, public parks and playgrounds, and outside fancy air-conditioned malls and five-star hotels. HIGH COURT INSTRUCTIONSThe move from the corporations follows instructions of the Delhi High Court to maintain proper sanitation in the city. The court had recently pulled up the three civic bodies and had said that even citizens should take the responsibility of keeping their surroundings clean. The HC directed that a time-bound garbage collection system be set up to prevent the piling of waste. A senior MCD official said mosquito breeding in households is a key concern of the civic body as this could result into the outbreak of vectorborne diseases like dengue and chikungunya. "Cases of dengue in recent years have been on the rise, claiming several lives. The occupants of a house where dengue larva is found may be booked for endangering public life and causing health hazards. The provision attracts a fine and imprisonment of up to six months," he said. Similarly, negligence by people that is likely to spread fatal diseases would also be dealt with strictly. The civic body has identified 14 provisions under IPC to deal with sanitation woes. Any pollution that may cause fouling of drinking water has also been put in the category of criminal offences. 'FAILED ATTEMPTS' Officials said repeated attempts by the MCDs to amend the sanitation bylaws for higher penalty have failed to yield results. The draft of the amendment is pending with the Delhi government for the last seven years. The modified rules would have provision for hefty penalties up to Rs 10,000 and five times higher for repeated offenders. Apart from the fine, the civic bodies have also proposed widening the ambit of the law. Littering caused by distributing food material (langar), illegal burning of solid waste, improper storage of construction material and non-segregation of recyclable and nonrecyclable waste will attract fines. These activities were till now undefined and so exempted from prosecution. The MCDs proposed to increase the fine for littering caused by langars to Rs 5,000, while penalty for dumping construction material on roadside was fixed at Rs 10,000. The proposed amendment prescribed a fine of Rs 500 for littering, spitting and urinating in public places. It also empowers the municipal magistrates to order community services, like road cleaning, garbage and graffiti removal, in case a person fails to pay the fine. The amendment in "Delhi Sanitation and Public Health Bylaws" was proposed by the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) on June 23, 2010 and the civic body had adopted it through a resolution passed by the House.\r\nRajya Sabha MP and former Samajwadi Party General Secretary Amar Singh has likened SP chief Akhilesh Yadav to Aurangzeb and said his father Mulayam Singh Yadav was like Shah Jahan. "One who cannot honour his father loses trust of people as well," he added. Mughal emperor Aurangzeb had held his father Shah Jahan captive after a tussle for the throne.\r\nAmar Singh, the name once synonymous with Samajwadi Party, has lashed out at its President and former Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav after two SP leaders quit the UP Legislative Council. In an exclusive conversation with India Today, the party's former general secretary, Amar Singh, said that the Samajwadi Party has a dark future without its leader, Mulayam Singh Yadav.\xa0 Amar Singh was dismissed from the SP just ahead of the Uttar Pradesh Assembly election as the Yadav clan was embroiled in a bitter tussle to control the party. He claims to have snapped all ties with his political mentor.Reacting to the exit of two party legislators from the UP Upper House, Amar Singh said,"I am not happy at what's happening to the party which I raised with so much hard work and I am also not responding to any calls from Mulayam Singh Yadav since I was ousted twice from the Samajwadi Party and humiliated."He says, "Samajwadi Party is gone with the wind. It's a quick sand, so the exit of leaders is understood." "Samajwadi Party has become a regional party from once a national party for which Mulayam Singh Yadav and I had worked so hard," he adds.He says, "Akhilesh Yadav is Aurangzeb, power has gone into his head and Mulayam Singh Yadav is like Shahjahan." Recalling how Mughal emperor Aurangzeb had held his father Shahjahan captive during tussle for the throne. "Akhilesh is to be solely blamed for what is happening . One who cannot honour his father loses trust of people as well," Singh added. "Where have all those supporters of Akhilesh disappeared who used to chant slogans for him and call me names?" Recalling the good old days of the party, Amar Singh said, "Despite Mulayam Singh's opposition, I was the one who supported Akhilesh who wanted to marry out of his caste, but I was humiliated and thrown out. He couldn't handle power."Asked to comment on the latest development in Bihar, Amar Singh heaped praise on Prime Minister Modi. "This is Narendra Modi's victory that Nitish Kumar who once broke off from him is now joining hands with him, even Ram Vilas Paswan who once resigned is standing with him and America which denied him visa is welcoming him," he said. "Secularism has become a farce. Everyone is using it as per convenience.' "Today, there is 67 per cent BJP in the country, I have also worn saffron, no body can ignore this colour," he quipped, showing off his saffron kurta.ALSO READ:Amit Shah in Lucknow: 2 Samajwadi MLCs quit, 3 MLAs 'waiting' to join BJP\r\nTwenty-nine Indian cities and towns including Delhi fall under 'severe' to 'very severe' seismic zones, according to National Centre for Seismology. Different regions across the country were classified into earthquake zones II to V by Bureau of Indian Standards, with Zone V being the most active. Delhi, northern Uttar Pradesh and parts of Jammu and Kashmir fall under Zone IV.\r\nTwenty-nine Indian cities and towns, including Delhi and capitals of nine states, fall under ?severe? to ?very severe? seismic zones, according to the National Centre for Seismology (NCS).A majority of these places are in the Himalayas, one of the most seismically active regions in the world.Delhi, Patna (Bihar), Srinagar (Jammu and Kashmir), Kohima (Nagaland), Puducherry, Guwahati (Assam), Gangtok (Sikkim), Shimla (Himachal Pradesh), Dehradun (Uttarakhand), Imphal (Manipur) and Chandigarh fall under seismic zones IV and V.These cities have a combined population of over three crore.The Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) has classified different regions in the country into zones II to V, taking into consideration earthquake records, tectonic activities and damage caused, the director of the NCS, Vineet Gauhlat, said.The NCS, which records earthquakes and carries out studies pertaining to microzonation of cities, comes under the India Meteorological Department (IMD).Seismic microzonation is the process of subdividing a region into smaller areas having different potential for hazardous earthquake effects.Zone II is considered the least seismically active, while Zone V is the most active. Zone IV and V fall under ?severe? to ?very severe? categories respectively.Zone V includes the entire northeastern region, parts of Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarkhand, the Rann of Kutch in Gujarat, parts of north Bihar and the Andaman and Nicobar archipelago.Parts of Jammu and Kashmir, Delhi, Sikkim, northern Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Gujarat and a small part of Maharashtra fall under Zone IV.Bhuj, which was struck by a massive earthquake in 2001 in which 20,000 people were killed, Chandigarh, Ambala, Amritsar, Ludhiana and Roorkee fall under zones IV and V.Kusala Rajendran, a professor at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru, and an expert on paleoseismology, earthquake recurrence and active tectonics, said most of the cities in the list have a high population density and fall in the Indo-Gangetic plains.?The Himalayan arc, stretching from the upper Assam region to Jammu and Kashmir, is known to be a high seismic zone and these cities in the Indo-Gangetic belt fall within reasonable limits of the Himalayas. So repercussions are bound to be felt there,? she observed.M Rajeevan, secretary, ministry of Earth Sciences, said 31 new earthquake observatories will come up in the country by March next year. At present, there are 84 observatories.This is being done to detect and record earthquake parameters more accurately and identify possible precursors of tremors.The NCS has also carried out microzonation of cities like Delhi and Kolkata to study the possible impact of earthquake in these mega cities. \r\nThe Congress on Sunday presented 44 of its Gujarat MLAs before the media in Bengaluru and alleged that the BJP had offered them ?15 crore each ahead of the Rajya Sabha elections. Adding that the decision to fly to Bengaluru was taken collectively by the legislators, the party said its leaders were being regularly threatened by the BJP.\r\nThe Congress legislators from Gujarat staying at a resort outside Bengaluru are willing to return home if state chief minister Vijay Rupani promises their safety, party spokesperson Shaktisinh Gohil said on Sunday.The party shepherded 44 lawmakers on Friday night to the holiday retreat in Karnakata after a spate of resignation of its MLAs amid allegations that the ruling BJP in Gujarat were bribing and coercing them ahead of the August 5 vice-presidential election.?We have been threatened, offered money to defect and some have done so,? Gohil, the Congress MLA for Abdasa in the Kutch region, told reporters.The BJP denied the charges and criticised the Congress legislators for leaving the state when it was reeling under floods. Chief minister Rupani visited flood-affected districts in northern Gujarat during the day.Union minister Prakash Javadekar said in New Delhi that the opposition lawmakers were having fun at a resort when their BJP counterparts were busy providing relief to the flood-hit people.?Gujarat Congress leaders are making allegations against the BJP in Bengaluru. It is like a thief attacking a cop. If their leaders are leaving them, it has nothing to do with us,? he said.The Congress responded that its MLAs have not abandoned their constituencies, but were compelled by the BJP to move out.?There is an attempt by the BJP to steal our legislators. But we will fight to save democracy,? Govil said.Dhirubhai Chunilalbhai Bhil, a five-time legislator, alleged that as much as Rs 20 crore was offered to defect. ?But I am proud to say that none of the tribal leaders have fallen for this gimmick.?Rejecting the Congress?s charge, the BJP countered tongue and cheek whether the rival lawmakers were ?purchasable?.The Congress took the MLAs to the southern state, which it rules, after six of its 57 lawmakers in the Gujarat assembly resigned on Friday and Saturday.The defectors are believed to be close to former chief minister Shankersinh Vaghela, who quit the Congress on June 21, his 77th birthday, alleging that some party leaders were conspiring against him.The defections reduced the party?s strength in the assembly to 51, but its Rajya Sabha nominee Ahmed Patel still has the numbers to sail through.Patel, the political secretary to Congress president Sonia Gandhi, will need the votes of 45 lawmakers. The party hopes two Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) lawmakers will vote for him. Besides, rebel BJP lawmaker Nalin Kotadiya could switch sides.?We have the support of a legislator from Janata Dal (United) and two from the NCP,? Gohil said.(With inputs from Hiral Dave in Ahmedabad and PTI)\r\nA group of six men posing as Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officers stole jewellery worth ?20 lakh from a jeweller's house in Delhi's Karol Bagh area. The thieves entered the residence on the pretext of a CBI raid and held the jeweller's four-year-old grandson at gun-point as they ransacked the house.  \r\nIt started like any other day at jeweller Nawal Kishore Khandelwal?s home in central Delhi?s Karol Bagh; he and his two sons left for their shop in Chandni Chowk, the women worked through morning chores and as they settled in for the afternoon, a man in khaki and five masked men rang the bell. ?My wife opened the door and the man identified himself as a CBI official. Five more men who were with him told her that they had come to raid the house. Before my wife could understand anything, the men pushed her inside,? said Khandelwal.For the next 10 minutes ? shortly after 1.30pm ? the suspects held a gun to Khandelawal?s four-year-old grandson Divyansh as they rummaged through the house before escaping with gold and diamond jewellery worth around Rs 20 lakh. The police said the incident, which took place on Wednesday, was the first time robbers had posed as police officers to carry out an armed robbery in a home in the middle of the day.Mandeep Singh Randhawa, the deputy commissioner of police (central), said a case of robbery and theft has been registered but the suspects are yet to be identified. ?One of them put a pistol to Divyansh?s head and threatened to kill him if anybody screamed for help or raised an alarm,? said the 61-year-old jewellery Besides Khandelwal?s wife Urmila and the child, the robbers held his daughter-in-law Megha hostage. One of the men took the keys to a locker from Megha and he ransacked the locker. The hold-up would have likely lasted longer had Khandelwal?s other daughter-in-law, Preeti, not spotted it and raised an alarm. Her scream?s led the men to flee, Khandlewal said, adding that they did not touch the cash and other jewellery in the house. The attack had left Urmila, 58, with a fracture in the left shoulder and Megha with a broken right foot.Three teams have been formed to investigate the case. The teams are collecting details about criminals who operate using similar methods, and are poring over electronic surveillance and human intelligence networks. The data of mobile phones active in the area during the crime are also being analysed for clues. \r\nUFC light heavyweight world champion Daniel Cormier lost his title to Jon Jones after getting knocked out by a head kick in third round at UFC 214. Following the loss, the 38-year-old broke down and was also seen crying on his coach's shoulders. It was Cormier's second loss of his MMA career, with the first also having come against Jones.\r\nJon Jones had barely reclaimed his UFC title when he called out Brock Lesnar to be his next opponent.And Lesnar was listening.Right after Jones stopped Daniel Cormier in the third round at UFC 214 on Saturday, he reignited his growing rivalry with Lesnar, the former UFC heavyweight champion.?Brock Lesnar, if you want to know what it feels like to get your ass kicked by a guy who weighs 40 pounds less than you, meet me in the octagon,? Jones said on the pay-per-view broadcast.The Associated Press reached Lesnar shortly after he watched the championship fight and then heard Jones call him out.?Be careful what you wish for, young man,? Lesnar replied.A heavyweight superfight between Jones and Lesnar would be one of the biggest events in UFC history. Lesnar is an extraordinary pay-per-view draw as likely the most popular fighter in mixed martial arts, while Jones? victory over Cormier is expected to put him back atop most pound-for-pound lists as the world?s best fighter.Lesnar returned to MMA last year with a victory, but he is under contract to the WWE as a professional wrestler until next spring.Jones and Lesnar traded verbal jabs earlier in the week. After Jones said he doubted Lesnar would ever accept a fight with him, Lesnar told the AP that he would meet Jones ?anytime, anywhere.?Lesnar is at least considering a return to the sport in which he won a UFC title in just his fourth professional fight.UFC president Dana White was in the cage when Jones called out Lesnar, and the promotion is aware of the growing buzz surrounding the matchup. White is also aware of the obstacles in its way, including the remainder of Lesnar?s suspension for failing a doping test last year.?It?s fun to talk about, but the reality of it happening anytime soon, it?s not a reality,? White said.But it?s definitely a lucrative possibility if Lesnar decides to resume training for MMA. Jones is the light heavyweight champion, but has long contemplated a move up to heavyweight ? and his post-fight comments make it clear that he?s interested.Lesnar beat Mark Hunt at UFC 200 in a unanimous decision that was changed to a no-contest after the failed test. He received a one-year suspension from the Nevada Athletic Commission, but could return to MMA after completing the final months of the ban.\r\nA 27-year-old woman has told police that her in-laws poured petrol on her and set her on fire before succumbing to 90% burn injuries at a Delhi hospital. In a previous statement, the woman had claimed that she had burned herself while cooking. However, the victim's family alleged that she gave the first statement under duress. \r\n\r\nGujarat Assembly speaker Ramanlal Vohra on Sunday slammed Congress legislators who have been staying at a Bengaluru resort amid the ongoing Gujarat floods. "I don't know what MLAs are doing there in Karnataka. In such situations we should pay more attention to improve situation and not to play politics," he said. Over 120 people have been killed in Gujarat floods. \r\nSpeaker of Gujarat Assembly Ramanlal Vohra today criticised the Opposition for pinning the blame on BJP after six Congress MLAs resigned this week just ahead of Rajya Sabha polls. Speaking to India Today, Vohra said "I am performing my duty properly and before accepting the resignations of all 6 MLAs, I had word with them and asked them specifically is there any pressure on them? Or has someone offered them money to resign? I got answer from them that they are tendering resignation by their own will and not under any pressure."Vohra also added that he is getting unknown phone calls, "They are asking me to accept resignation whichever comes to me. I told them that I will follow my duties properly and will ask them few questions before accepting their resignation."'NOT THE TIME FOR POLITICS' No new resignation has been tendered since late Saturday, July 29, but Congress did send two more MLAs to the Bengaluru resort, joining the other 40 there. \r\nAgra has had 53% lower rainfall this year, with just 123.5 mm rainfall, according to the Meteorological Department. Five districts across UP? Agra, Pilibhit, Muzaffarnagar, Ghaziabad and Noida had seriously low rainfall and are facing drought conditions, reports said. Noida received only 96 mm rains against the average of 204.2 mm, making a shortfall of 53%.\r\nIndia is called a land of vast diversities and as almost always, this monsoon is serving to show exactly how vast the diversity is. When large parts of Northeast and West India are being inundated by heavy rains, causing property damage worth crores and claiming lives of men and animals alike, most of the Ganga-Yamuna plain area of Uttar Pradesh is parched due to lack of rainfall.Farmers in the northeast have lost their crops to the heavy rains and in Uttar Pradesh, the farmers are afraid of losing their crops to the dry season. Five districts of UP, Agra, Pilibhit, Muzaffar Nagar, Ghaziabad and Noida are facing a serious drought that is showing no signs of lifting anytime soon.A senior administrative official told India Today that out of 72 districts in UP, 44 are yet to have decent rainfall in the monsoon season. Farms are drying up in these districts, but out of these, the worst affected five districts are gearing up for contingency plans in case the monsoon decides to skip these districts altogether. The heat and humidity is making people fall sick and although the Yamuna river is flowing with ample water to ward off any drinking water crisis, vegetable prices are shooting sky-high.The month of July ends in two days, but the monsoon clouds have overflown these districts, especially the western UP, where 21 cities of 30 districts have seen very low rainfall. In east UP, 23 out of 42 cities have not had satisfactory rains. The affected districts of western UP include Agra, Oraiyya, Badaun, Bulandshehar, Etawah, Firozabad, Ghaziabad, Noida, Jhansi, Hamirpur, Jalaun, Jyotiba Phule Nagar, Hathras, Mahoba, Mathura, Meerut, Muzaffarnagar, Rampur, Pilibhit, Saharanpur, and Etah.Agra's neighboring district Mainpuri has had 307.99 mm rains in July, Etah has had 274.3 mm, Firozabad has had 244.4 mm, while Mathura has had only 164.3 mm rainfall. A Meteorological Department official told India Today that the drought affected 5 districts have had seriously low rainfall this July.Agra has had 53 per cent lower rainfall this year, with just 123.5 mm rainfall. The average for July is 260.4 mm. Rampur lost 52 per cent of its annual rainfall and got only 191.3 mm rains compared to the average of 399.4 mm. Noida got just 96 mm rains against an average of 204.2 mm, making a shortfall of 53 per cent. Ghaziabad had 105.8 mm rains against 238.6 mm average, with a shortfall of 56 per cent. Muzaffar Nagar lost 61% of its water, getting only 120.4 mm rains compared to 305.2 mm average. Similarly, Pilibhit too lost 62 per cent water this month, getting 152.8 mm rains against 403 mm average.Commenting on the lack of rains in Agra, social activist Vishal Sharma quoted a small verse "Shukr hai Agra mein nahin baraste badal, mere sheher ko barish ki aadat nahin hai". He said that although the dry season brings its own set of problems, it is a fact that Agra is not equipped to handle rains that last even an hour, let alone an entire day. The civic amenities in the city are prone to failure in the event of heavy rains due to the lack of drainage in most of the city, as was witnessed a couple of years earlier when heavy rainfall caused vast property damage in the city and the municipal authorities struggled for days to clear the water-logging in the low-lying areas.Sharma said that even this month, the rainfall that took place a couple of days back, claimed the roofs of several old houses in Motikatra, Nagla Joshiyan and other parts of the old city, injuring a number of people. Several houses were also cracked, although the rain was not enough to cause serious water logging. However, even 40-50 mm rainfall in a day would be enough to cut off most of the densely populated outer areas from the rest of the city for several hours, if not days.Meanwhile, Agra District Magistrate Gaurav Dayal has instructed all Sub-Divisional Magistrates and Additional District Magistrates of Agra to prepare reports of the drought so that the compensation amounts could be decided for the farmers.ALSO READ:\r\nUFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley, who played the role of a wrestler in Salman Khan starrer Sultan, thanked the actor for a "top notch" time he had during his stay in India. Salman had earlier wished Woodley for his UFC fight and had posted a video in which Woodley can be seen explaining popularity of Salman to his friends.\r\nMixed martial arts (MMA) fighter and actor Tyron Woodley, who fought against Salman Khan?s character in Sultan, has thanked the Bollywood superstar for a ?top notch? time he had during his stay in India.Woodley expressed his appreciation for Salman on Twitter on Sunday.SK!! Appreciate you inviting me into your family and making my experience in India top notch! https://t.co/WU7nB3Ttir? Tyron T-Wood Woodley (@TWooodley) July 29, 2017In response, Salman wrote, ?Thank you for all the kind words Tyron Woodley. Really appreciate it best of luck for your fight today. God speed, god bless.?Thank u for all the kind words Tyron Woodley . Really appreciate it best of luck for ur fight today god speed god bless . @TWooodley pic.twitter.com/W1fMQFd6Ss? Salman Khan (@BeingSalmanKhan) July 29, 2017In Sultan, which released last year, Woodley essayed the role of a wrestler in a match against character of Sultan Ali Khan (Salman). The film also featured Anushka Sharma, Randeep Hooda, Amit Sadh and Meiyang Chang.Salman Khan is currently shooting for Tiger Zinda Hai with Katrina Kaif in Morocco.\r\nAfter the uproar over a copy of the Bhagavad Gita being placed near the statue of late President APJ Abdul Kalam at the memorial built for him in Tamil Nadu, a Bible and Quran were also placed there by his grand nephew. Notably, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had inaugurated the memorial at Rameswaram on Thursday. \r\nAfter a controversy started over authorities leaving a copy of the Bhagavad Gita next to the statue of former President APJ Abdul Kalam at the memorial built for him at Rameswaram, a Bible and Quran were also placed to end the row.Prime Minister Narendra Modi had inaugurated the memorial at Peikulam, Rameswaram, the birthplace of Kalam, on July 27.The government was applauded for the memorial but it was also criticised for putting the Bhagavad Gita next to the statue of Kalam playing a 'veena'.When questioned, an official explained that Kalam loved the veena and that he often quoted from the Bhagavad Gita, but no official came forward to prove the claim.The controversy began when MDMK leader Vaiko questioned if Bhagavad Gita is more sacred than the Tamil book 'Thirukural' written by Thiruvalluvar, and alleged that the Centre is trying to saffronize even the legacy of Kalam.Not wanting the controversy to grow bigger, Kalam's grand nephew Sheik Saleem placed a Bible and a Quran next to the Bhagavad Gita, to prove that Kalam was a man who was beyond religion who has a grand dream of a better India.The next controversy waiting to happen is the vast usage of saffron like color in his memorial which can anytime be picked up by Tamil politicians.\r\nA woman trying to burn a bug inside her bedroom in the US state of Kansas started a fire that forced the evacuation of the entire building. The fire started after the lighter that the woman used malfunctioned. Officials estimated property worth $140,000 was damaged and no serious injuries were reported in the fire. n\r\nA woman trying to burn a bug inside her apartment?s bedroom in the US started a fire which resulted in the evacuation of people from the building and an estimated $140,000 damage to the property.The incident took place at an apartment complex in Topeka, Kansas, with Topeka Fire Marshal Mike Martin saying that an investigation determined the blaze occurred in the master bedroom of an apartment.The cause was listed as being accidental, resulting from an ?occupant trying to kill a bug with a lighter?, the Topeka Capital-Journal reported.Ausha Scott said she was inside the apartment unit at the time of the fire with her mother, Monique Quarles, and 2- year-old child, Avionna Scott-Quarles.Quarles said the blaze started on Monday after she tried to burn a bug that was found in the unit?s master bedroom with a flip-style lighter that malfunctioned.Quarles said she had picked up the first bug, put it in her hand ?and lit it on fire?.She said she and her daughter then looked under the mattress to see if there were any other bugs. They then found what Quarles said was a ?medium-sized bug?.?When I grabbed the bug and I had it, I went to light it and then the lighter started sparking, so these sparks then went onto the box springs,? Quarles said. ?The sparks just started flying on it and inside of it.?The flames and heavy smoke led to the evacuation of the three-floor building.By the time the smoke had cleared, Topeka Fire Department officials estimated $140,000 in damage had occurred.No serious injuries were reported in the blaze.Multiple fire companies responded to the two-alarm blaze and remained on the scene for about six hours, clearing the scene.Quarles said her daughter saw the fire, then ran into the kitchen to get water to put it out.?As she?s coming, I?m going. By the time I came back, I was really seeing fire in there, so I knew we really shouldn?t keep trying to put it out. I said, ?Get out, get the baby, call 911.? And that?s what we did,? she said.Authorities said everyone was out of the building by the time firefighters arrived on the scene. \r\nProducer Ritesh Sidhwani has said that television actress Mouni Roy bagged the female lead role in 'Gold' opposite Akshay Kumar on the basis of her talent and not on anyone's recommendation. "She was auditioned for that part and she gave a fantastic audition. We all, Farhan (Akhtar), Reema (Kagti) and everyone, watched the audition and we chose her," added Sidhwani.\r\nMouni Roy is making her big Bollywood debut with Excel Entertainment?s forthcoming film Gold. Producer Ritesh Sidhwani says she has bagged the role on the basis of her talent and not on anyone?s recommendation. His comment has come amidst the buzz that superstar Salman Khan recommended her.Sidhwani, who was present at the success bash of his web series Inside Edge, was asked if Mouni?s selection was on the basis of any recommendation, he said, ?To be honest, nobody recommended her. She is talented... It?s like taking away someone?s talent by saying that somebody recommended her. She was actually auditioned for that part and she gave a fantastic audition. We all -- Farhan (Akhtar), Reema (Kagti) and everyone watched the audition and we chose her. So, just like all others, she was actually auditioned and after that she got the part. It was not based on recommendations.?Sidhwani also confirmed that Mouni is playing the lead role with Akshay Kumar, and that the film is at present being shot in Leeds. He said the shoot in Leeds will go on till August end. ?After that, we will start in Punjab. But Gold is slated for August 2018 release.?When asked about Fukrey 2 and Don 3, Sidhwani said, ?Fukrey Returns is releasing on December 8, and as far as ?Don? is concerned, we definitely want to make it, but the story is not yet locked. As soon as the story is locked, we will do it.?On the success of Inside Edge, he said, ?You will not be able to measure the success as nobody has the data, but audience?s feedback from digital platforms is very positive.?\r\nThe travel time for long-haul trucks has reduced by at least a fifth after GST was introduced, Road Transport and Highways Ministry has said. Trucks earlier took 50-65 hours to reach Kolkata from Chennai and it now stands reduced by 20%, it reported. The collection of sales tax at inter-state check posts had led to major traffic congestion, it added. \r\nNew Delhi, Jul 30 (PTI) Post-GST, travel time for long- haul trucks have reduced by at least a fifth, Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has said. "A typical truck spent 20 per cent of its runtime at interstate checkposts (pre GST)...Inter-state check posts removed, travel time of long-haul trucks, other cargo vehicles cut by at least one-fifth," the Ministry has said in a recent report. On an average, a truck in India runs an annual distance of 60,000 kms, as against 200,000 km in the West. The Ministry said trucks earlier took 50-65 hours in reaching Kolkata from Chennai and the travel time now stands reduced by 20 per cent. This was corroborated from interviews with transporters as well as GPS data of express transporters. Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari, had last week said that Indias logistics sector stands to gain the most under the GST regime as costs will dip by almost 20 per cent. The Ministry said that pre-GST, the complex tax structure and paperwork forced the transport industry to spend a lot of resources on tax compliance and deposit of inter-state sales tax. Monitoring and collection of sales tax at inter-state check posts led to major traffic congestion at these points, resulting in slower movement of freight and passenger, and consequently higher costs and pollution, it said and added, an average Indian truck covers only about 50,000-60,000 km a year as against 3 lakh km done by a truck in the US. The unified tax regime has obviated the need for inter- state check posts. This will result in reducing travel time of long-haul trucks and other cargo vehicles by at least one- fifth, the report said. "This, coupled with the proposed E-way bill that will require online registration for movement of goods worth more than Rs 50,000, will ease the movement of freight further, and bring in more transparency to the whole process. Efficient freight movement will also boost the demand for high tonnage trucks, which will in turn reduce the cost of transportation of freight," the report said. A single GST regime also means an optimised warehousing structure. Earlier, companies had to maintain warehouses in every state due to different taxation slabs. GST does away with the need to have such separate warehouses. This means, a leaner and smarter logistics chain. This will also encourage more investment in the warehousing business. Pre-GST, the statutory tax rate for most goods worked out to about 26.5 per cent. \r\nAs part of a campaign to make Amethi open-defecation free, 854 persons in the district have registered themselves as "brothers" with the district committee to gift a lavatory to their sisters on Raksha Bandhan. The registered brothers will build lavatories with their own resources. Later, a lucky draw will be conducted to give up to ?50,000 cash to three winners.\r\nAmethi (UP), Jul 30 (PTI) Brothers in this district have lined up a different gift for their sisters this Raksha Bandhan - a toilet. To make the open defecation free campaign successful and create awareness about sanitation here, the Zila Swachchhata Samiti (district committee for sanitation) has started a programme "Anokhi Amethi Ka Anokha Bhai". Giving details of the plan, Chief Development Officer of Amethi Apurva Dubey told PTI that 854 persons from different blocks of the district have registered themselves as "brothers" with the district committee to gift a lavatory to their sisters on the occasion of Raksha Bandhan. The lavatory will be constructed by the registered brothers with their own resources, she said. \r\nA fatwa directing termination of his marriage was issued against JD(U) minister Khurshid Ahmad for chanting 'Jai Shri Ram' outside the Bihar Assembly after Chief Minister Nitish Kumar won the trust vote. The minister initially stood by his actions and said, "Islam teaches respect for all religions." He later apologised for his actions after a meeting with Nitish Kumar.\r\nA Muslim cleric on Sunday issued a ?fatwa? against newly appointed Bihar minister and Janata Dal (United) leader Khurshid alias Firoz Ahmad for chanting Jai Shri Ram, saying his marriage would be terminated for his ?mistake?.An MLA from Sikta in West Champaran, Ahmad shouted the slogan, normally associated with BJP supporters, outside the Bihar assembly on Friday after chief minister Nitish Kumar won the trust vote he faced after breaking ties with the RJD-Congress alliance and joining hands with the BJP.The fatwa, or a decree, against the only Muslim minister in Kumar?s new cabinet was issued by Mufti Sohail Quasmi of Imarat Shariah, which describes itself as a socio-religious organisation active in Bihar, Jharkhand and Odisha.?Islam teaches respect for all religions. If by saying Jai Shri Ram I can do some good for the Muslims, why is there such a hue and cry,? Ahmad, who has been given charge of minority welfare and sugarcane industries, told mediapersons.He would not be cowed down by such threats, he said.The minister later apologised for his statement, while talking to a TV channel.?The CM told me if anybody felt hurt by my statement, I should apologise. My intention was not to hurt anyone. I have come to serve the people. My statement was distorted,? he told the channel after coming out of a review meeting of the minority welfare department with chief minister Nitish Kumar.However, his phone was switched off when HT tried to contact himUpset over the slogan hailing Hindu god Ram, Quasmi said Ahmad?s marriage would be terminated and he would have to perform the nikah again after accepting his ?mistake?.Imarat Shariah general secretary Anisurrehman said the organisation had not issued a fatwa but it could be a personal opinion of Quasmi.?I have not talked to him. I will try to find out what made him speak like this,? he said.HT tried to reach Quasmi for comments but his phone was switched off.?A Muslim is honest to his conscience. What wrong have I done? I have not divorced my wife. I don?t know how the fatwa was issued and for what,? said the minister.The BJP came out in his defence. ?Any fatwa on such issues is against the spirit and rich tradition of India, which has always epitomised diversity and respect for each other?s religion,? Bihar BJP spokesman Azfar Shamshi said.Ahmad had taken forward the Indian tradition while the fatwa was against it. ?The days are gone when Muslims were waylaid on sentimental issues. Now, they want solutions to their core issues,? he said.Maryada Purushottam Ram was known as Imam-e-Hind (an ideal person), he said, adding Indonesia, which has the world?s highest number of Muslims, had named its national carrier named Garuda while several building were named Ramayan.In Hindu mythology, Garuda is the mount of Lord Vishnu. Ram is an incarnation of Vishnu.?It is the spirit of Ram that is important and there is no need to fan sentiments,? Shamshi said.India has always been as a country of Ram and Raheem and there should not be any effort to create a divide, JD-U spokesman Neeraj Kumar said.?Gandhi ji talked of Ram and Raheem in the same breath. Former president APJ Abdul Kalam observed both Ramazan and Navratra. Ahmad has just reflected the ?Ganga-Jamuni tehzeeb of the country,? he said.As part of the so-called grand alliance, Nitish Kumar had worked hard to woo the Muslim community and his decision to join hands with the BJP is unlikely to go down well it.His decision to go with the RJD and the Congress to oppose the ?communal agenda? of the BJP saw the minority community support him in 2015 state election. Kumar had betrayed people of Bihar and joined hands with communal forces, his former allies have said.\r\nEasyJet is seeking answers after a worker at France's Nice airport punched a passenger who was holding his baby at the terminal after a 13-hour delay. A picture of the incident was circulated online. "The man...went over and talked to the Frenchman and the Frenchman didn't reply, he just smiled and smirked and then whacked this guy," another passenger said.\r\nEasyJet is ?urgently? seeking answers after a worker at Nice airport apparently punched one of the airline?s passengers who was holding his baby at the terminal after a 13-hour delay.A photo circulating online appears to show the man, believed to be a special assistance provider at the airport in south-east France, attacking the man in front of other passengers on Saturday.A fellow passenger said the man was struck after families had been held up because of delayed flight EZY2122 from Nice to Luton, with little access to information or space to sit down. EasyJet employee hitting man holding baby after delay of over 14hours #easyJet #Telegraph #Dailymail #TheSun pic.twitter.com/3ZZChG0djBArabella Arkwright, who took the photograph, said the man was holding his baby while his wife vented their frustration to airport staff about the lack of baby food and seats.?The man with the baby ... went over and talked to the Frenchman and the Frenchman didn?t reply, he just smiled and smirked and then whacked this guy on the left side of his face,? she told BBC Radio 5 Live. She said her 64-year-old husband pulled the man off the apparent victim and ?frogmarched? him away before police were called. Both men were taken away, but passengers demanded the man with the baby was allowed to board his flight. ?When he arrived on the plane, all the plane clapped him,? said Arkwright. An easyJet spokesman said the person in the photograph is believed to work for Nice airport?s special assistance provider Samsic, which is contracted to provide workers to help to disabled passengers, including those using wheelchairs.In a statement the airline said: ?EasyJet is very concerned to see this picture and can confirm the person in the photo is not an easyJet member of staff and does not work for easyJet?s ground handling agents in Nice.?We are urgently taking this up with Nice airport and their special assistance provider Samsic, who we understand the person photographed works for.? The airline apologised for the delay to the flight because of a ?technical issue with the aircraft?. Arkwright said passengers were not told what was wrong with the aircraft or how long the delay would be, but easyJet said passengers were provided with updates and refreshment vouchers. ?The safety and wellbeing of our passengers and crew is always easyJet?s highest priority,? it said. ?EasyJet sincerely apologises for the delay and thanks passengers for their patience.?\r\nTwo religious leaders in Canada, including one with 25 wives and 146 children, have been found guilty of polygamy and face five years in prison in a landmark ruling. The two men are senior figures in a Mormon sect that allows polygamy. They couldn't be prosecuted earlier over concerns that the anti-polygamy law violated Canadians' constitutional right to religious freedom.  \r\nTwo men, including one who has 25 wives and 146 children, were convicted of polygamy Monday in a landmark ruling that upheld Canada?s longstanding ban on the practice.Winston Blackmore and James Marion Oler, who has five wives, face up to five years in prison after being found guilty in the first real test of the country?s polygamy law, enacted 127 years ago.Three special prosecutors had been appointed over the past two decades to consider bringing charges against the pair, but they backed down over concerns that the law prohibiting polygamy violated Canadians? constitutional right to religious freedom.Those fears were assuaged in 2011 when British Columbia province?s Supreme Court ruled in a reference case that the inherent harms of polygamy justified putting limits on religious freedoms, clearing the way for charges to be filed against Blackmore and Oler three years later.Judge Sheri Ann Donegan of the British Columbia Supreme Court noted in her ruling that the main defendant, Blackmore, did not deny his polygamy.?His adherence to the practices and beliefs of the FLDS is not in dispute,? she said.The two men are senior figures in the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (FLDS), a polygamist religious sect that broke away from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, also known as the Mormon Church.The sect has been based for nearly 60 years in the remote, mountainous region of British Columbia near the US border where the community grows, raises or hunts its own food and runs a barter economy. \r\nActor Anupam Kher tweeted the clipping of a newspaper report about an actor, whose name was kept anonymous, and claimed that it was about him. The report stated how a veteran actor suffered from a heart related ailment when he had gone to attend an awards show in New York recently. \r\nSoni Razdan has advised actor Anupam Kher to carry biscuits and dried fruits to events after the latter blanked out at an awards function earlier this month. Anupam shared a blind item which read that an actor who was in New York for an awards show had a ?heart-related ailment in the middle of the junket?.Anupam tweeted this, and posted, ?Let me unburden you. This is about me. Hadn?t eaten for hours so had blanked out. Salman Khan called paramedics.?To this, Soni, who is Alia Bhatt?s mother, wrote, ?Ai hai please eat every two hour. Carry dried fruits and biscuits always especially to award functions.?On Sunday, Anupam also completed 509 films in 32 years of his career.  ?Thank you Indian film industry for standing by me for 509 films in 32 years. This is the best place in the world. Honoured and humbled. Jai ho,? Anupam tweeted.\r\nActor Zayed Khan, while talking about nepotism, said, "Hasn't everybody coming up (in this industry) used their influence to help their loved ones or keep their loved ones in a better position?" Zayed added, "It is merely human nature. Let's not blow things out of proportion." He further said that the industry is based on the survival of the fittest.\r\nActor Zayed Khan, who was in Delhi to attend his friend designer Manav Gangwani?s fashion show, shared his thoughts on the on-going nepotism debate in Bollywood, and also spoke about his television debut. About nepotism in Bollywood, the 37-year-old actor said, ?Isn?t everybody nepotistic? Hasn?t everybody coming up [in this industry] used their influence to help their loved ones or keep their loved ones in a better position? It is merely human nature. Let?s not blow things out of proportion. We?re a free enterprise. It?s survival of the fittest. Nepotism is a new word that has fascinated everybody. Buckle up, dust yourself off, and move forward,? he says.Zayed, who made is Bollywood debut in the film Chura  Liyaa Hai Tumne in 2003 is  the son of actor Sanjay Khan and  interior designer Zarine Khan. Coming from a family, who has been into showbiz for the longest time, it came as a surprise that the actor accepted the prevalence of nepotism in the industry. Zayed is soon going to make his TV debut. Speaking about his apprehension on doing television, he said, ?I see television as a lot of hard work. Why are we looking down on television when it is the highest penetrating medium? For me, my fans and their support means a lot and I believe that they will like me on TV. I want to be honest in my job. And I am comfortable [with] any medium if the work is good; it can even be digital tomorrow.?\r\nThe BJP on Sunday called for a statewide strike in Kerala after an RSS worker died after being allegedly attacked by CPI(M) workers. Thirty four-year-old E Rajesh was stabbed forty times and his left hand was chopped off by some men while he had been returning home after attending a 'shakha' meeting on Saturday, reports said \r\nSeveral parts of Kerala were tense on Sunday where the BJP has called a shutdown to protest against the killing of a Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) worker, who was allegedly stabbed by CPI(M) workers a day earlier.E Rajesh, 34, was stabbed 40 times and his left hand chopped off by a group of men at around 9pm on Saturday. He died in a city hospital. The murder is the latest in the fresh round of violence between the RSS, the ideological parent of the BJP, and the Communist Party of India (Marxist) supporters.Spoke to Kerala CM Shri Pinrayi Vijayan today regarding the recent incidents of political violence in the state. 1/3? Rajnath Singh (@rajnathsingh) July 30, 2017I have expressed my concern with the law and order situation in the state of Kerala. Political violence is unacceptable in a democracy. 2/3? Rajnath Singh (@rajnathsingh) July 30, 2017I expect that the political violence in Kerala is curbed and that the perpetrators are brought to justice expeditiously. 3/3? Rajnath Singh (@rajnathsingh) July 30, 2017Two days ago BJP?s state office in the city and the house of CPI(M) state secretary Kodiyeri Balakrishnan? son were vandalised. BJP state chief Kummanam Rajasekharan sought immediate intervention of the Centre, where the party is in power, but the ruling CPI (M) denied its cadre were involved in the murder. ?The ruling CPI(M) can?t get away with these killings. It is nothing but state-sponsored terrorism,? said Rajasekharan. CPI(M) district secretary A Nagappan blamed personal rivalry for the killing.The assailants had been identified and would be arrested soon,Thiruvananthapuram range inspector general of police Manoj Abraham said.Police were keeping a close watch on trouble-torn Kannur district, notorious for the clashes between the two sides. The Opposition Congress has asked chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan to call a peace meeting to end the recurring cycle of violence.Clashes between the BJP and the CPI (M) are on the rise as the RSS makes inroads in the southern state where politics has been dominated by the Left parties.The BJP managed to bag its first assembly seat ? Nemom, a Thiruvananthapuram suburb -- during last year?s state election.The violence that was once limited to the north is now spreading to others parts of the state, including the capital city of Thiruvananthapuram in the south. . \r\nFerrari's Formula One racer Sebastian Vettel won the Hungarian Grand Prix title, finishing ahead of teammate Kimi Raikkonen and Mercedes' Valtteri Bottas. Mercedes' British driver Lewis Hamilton finished fourth in the race. With the win, Vettel extended his lead over rival Lewis Hamilton to 14 points in the drivers' championship table.\r\n\r\n\r\n3.00pm BST\r\n15:00\r\n\r\nWell that?s all from me, thanks for reading. I?ll leave you with our initial race report:\r\n\r\n2.56pm BST\r\n14:56\r\n\r\nSebastian Vettel throws his trophy into the air. He now leads Lewis Hamilton by 14 points in the drivers? championship. ?It was a really difficult race,? says Vettel. ?I had my hands full. The steering was off. I had to stay focused for the whole race.? Here?s the race classification:INITIAL CLASSIFICATION (LAP 71/71): A win on his 50th Ferrari start for Sebastian Vettel ? #HungarianGP ?? #F1 pic.twitter.com/FnGuEQBNeXUpdated\r\nat 2.57pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n2.49pm BST\r\n14:49\r\n\r\nVettel celebrates on top of his Ferrari, punching the air before throwing himself into the mechanics in red. He will enjoy the world championship lead for the next four weeks.Updated\r\nat 2.56pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n2.45pm BST\r\n14:45\r\n\r\nHamilton finishes fourth, then, with Verstappen fifth and Alonso a brilliant sixth ? he finished with the fastest lap of the race, not bad in that McLaren Honda. \r\n\r\n2.44pm BST\r\n14:44\r\n\r\nVettel has Kimi Raikkonen looming large in his mirrors but holds on to win the race, with his team-mate second ahead of Lewis Hamilton in third ? no, he allows Bottas back through right at the very last.Updated\r\nat 2.58pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n2.42pm BST\r\n14:42\r\n\r\nLap 69/70 Mercedes haven?t been able to swap Hamilton and Bottas back, an unlikely bonus for the Briton and his championship hopes.\r\n\r\n2.40pm BST\r\n14:40\r\n\r\nLap 68/70 Vettel is closing in on another grand prix victory and 25 valuable championship points. He had a worry with those steering issues earlier and put his team-mate under pressure in the process, but they are nearing a crucial Ferrari one-two. \r\n\r\n2.39pm BST\r\n14:39\r\n\r\nLap 67/70 McLaren, by the way, are on the verge of sealing sixth and 10th positions, a very good result. Alonso has clear air and he?s enjoying himself, setting one of the fastest laps of the race. Updated\r\nat 2.42pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n2.37pm BST\r\n14:37\r\n\r\nLap 66/70 Mercedes are now the ones with a decision to make. They had promised Bottas they would return him to third, after he let Hamilton through earlier. But there is a gap of five seconds between them and Verstappen is flying up behind in the Red Bull. It?s been some race from the Dutch driver considering his ten-second penalty. \r\n\r\n2.34pm BST\r\n14:34\r\n\r\nLap 64/70 ?We?re going to have to retire the car,? Paul di Resta is told. That?s a shame for Felipe Massa?s stand-in who had been enjoying a steady race in his first taste of the Williams car. \r\n\r\n2.33pm BST\r\n14:33\r\n\r\nLap 63/70 Magnussen jams past Hulkenberg and Kvyat aggressively and up to 11th as he chases a championship point. Vettel has opened up a slightly wider gap, now around two seconds. He seems to be over whatever he was struggling with through the middle part of this race.\r\n\r\n2.30pm BST\r\n14:30\r\n\r\nLap 61/70 Vettel continues to muddle on, but the turbulent air he?s kicking up is preventing Raikkonen from successfully closing the gap. Hamilton is suffering the same issue, it seems. He tells Mercedes he is waiting for a mistake. The top ten:1 Vettel 2 Raikkonen +1.53 Hamilton +1.04 Bottas +5.35 Verstappen +3.56 Alonso +53.27 Sainz +6.38 Perez +1.49 Ocon +4.310 Vandoorne +4.1\r\n\r\n2.27pm BST\r\n14:27\r\n\r\nLap 58/70 What a situation Ferrari have got themselves into as we approach the final 12 laps. Vettel, Raikkonen and Hamilton remain only two seconds apart. Raikkonen has stepped off a little, conscious that he is going to wear out his tyres if he keeps trying to close down his team-mate. Hamilton is struggling to get any closer to the Ferraris, though, despite the aid of DRS. \r\n\r\n2.23pm BST\r\n14:23\r\n\r\nLap 55/70 The Ferraris are approaching the backmarkers of Magnussen and Hulkenberg, who themselves are scrapping for 11th. They move through the traffic in one of the trickiest parts of the track, the third and final sector approaching the long pitstraight. As Vettel crosses the line he?s only 0.7 seconds ahead of Raikkonen, who is 0.7 seconds up on Hamilton. Bottas can?t keep up right now. \r\n\r\n2.20pm BST\r\n14:20\r\n\r\nLap 53/70 Hamilton is chasing Raikkonen, but the Fin is lining up a pass of his own as he attacks Vettel, who continues to struggle a little. He?s within DRS range and these two Ferraris are running round the Hungaroring in close convoy. \r\n\r\n2.17pm BST\r\n14:17\r\n\r\nLap 52/70 Hamilton has been told he?s got five laps to get the job done on Raikkonen. Game on. ?No pressure then,? Hamilton responds.\r\n\r\n2.16pm BST\r\n14:16\r\n\r\nHamilton needs to get results soon or he?ll be given a team order he won?t much enjoy:LAP 50: ? "Lewis will let you go by if he can't get past Raikkonen."#Teamwork ? #F1\r\n\r\n2.15pm BST\r\n14:15\r\n\r\nLap 49/70 Hulkenberg is having a terrible pit stop. Smoke appears to be billowing from his front left tyre, and as he pulls away he seems very unsure of whether his car is still road-worthy. Up ahead, Hamilton is attacking Raikkonen ? he?s 1.1 seconds down. Raikkonen is 1.1 seconds behind Vettel as it bunches up at the front. Raikkonen is continuing to complain on radio that he should be allowed to pass his team-mate. ?Vettel is being told to push, stay with him,? respond Ferrari. \r\n\r\n2.11pm BST\r\n14:11\r\n\r\nLap 47/70 Mercedes give the order and Valtteri Bottas pulls wide to allow Hamilton to pass. He sets his sights on Raikkonen and puts the hammer down, immediately setting an absurd fastest first sector.\r\n\r\n2.09pm BST\r\n14:09\r\n\r\nLap 45/70 Lewis Hamilton on radio to Mercedes, in teenager mode. ?OK man, look, I?ve got a lot of pace. Let me use it. And this radio stuff sucks, my tyres were fine. I didn?t need to come in.?\r\n\r\n2.06pm BST\r\n14:06\r\n\r\nLap 43/70 Max Verstappen comes in, serves his 10-second penalty, puts on some fresh shoes and shuffles back out in fifth position behind the Ferraris and Mercedes.\r\n\r\n2.04pm BST\r\n14:04\r\n\r\nLap 41/70 An interesting situation has developed at the front. Vettel is struggling and behind him Raikkonen is putting in quick times. Raikkonen wants to be let through to have a go at winning this race, but Vettel is their only championship hope and they don?t want to leave him vulnerable to the two Mercedes chasing. Ferrari HQ has a major decision to make. Updated\r\nat 2.17pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n2.00pm BST\r\n14:00\r\n\r\nLap 39/70 Verstappen, the only one of the initial top six not to have stopped, is actually leading this race by 10.6 seconds, so even his 10-second time penalty can?t take that away from him. He?ll be in shortly. \r\n\r\n1.58pm BST\r\n13:58\r\n\r\nLap 37/70 Sergio Perez brings that garish Force India into the pits but it?s a pretty poor one and he?s lost some time. Next Alonso is in. He is desperate to get in and out ahead of Sainz, almost colliding with his young Spanish counterpart on exit. A battle ensues as they emerge on to the circuit but Sainz holds on to ninth spot, Alonso running off and on again in his eagerness to pass. \r\n\r\n1.54pm BST\r\n13:54\r\n\r\nLap 34/70 Vettel?s pit stop is a little sluggish. Next comes Raikkonen. First he sounds off over radio, telling backmarker Paul di Resta to ?get back in the commentary box?. He stops, comes out and nearly holds off his Ferrari team-mate, but not quite. Updated\r\nat 2.05pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n1.51pm BST\r\n13:51\r\n\r\nLap 32/70 ?Fronts are not in a healthy shape,? says Vettel. ?Don?t extend it.? He wants to come in. Hamilton does stop and Mercedes get through it nearly a second quicker than his team-mate?s change of tyres. He returns fifth, such was the huge gap to Carlos Sainz before he came in. \r\n\r\n1.49pm BST\r\n13:49\r\n\r\nLap 31/70 Despite the issue with his steering wheel, Vettel seems comfortable enough to continue leading the way, though Raikkonen has closed that gap down from nearly two seconds. Now the stops start: Bottas comes in for Mercedes, a slightly slow one. Updated\r\nat 3.09pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n1.47pm BST\r\n13:47\r\n\r\nLap 30/70 Vettel overtakes Ericsson, the first backmarker. Here?s the top ten:1 Vettel2 Raikkonen +1.23 Bottas +6.64 Verstappen +2.65 Hamilton +1.56 Sainz +22.77 Alonso +1.48 Perez +3.19 Vandoorne +3.410 Ocon +4.5\r\n\r\n1.44pm BST\r\n13:44\r\n\r\nLap 27/70 We are heading towards the part of the race when we should see a flurry of stops. The supersoft tyre (which most drivers have started with) is significantly quicker than the soft around the Hungaroring, though it doesn?t last nearly as long. There could well be some undercut opportunities here. Meanwhile: ?The steering is hanging to the left when I go straight,? complains Sebastian Vettel. ?And I think it?s getting worse.?\r\n\r\n1.40pm BST\r\n13:40\r\n\r\nLap 24/70 Grosjean?s race is over. He can?t get his crawling car back to the pits and he pulls up to become the second retirement of this race. \r\n\r\n1.39pm BST\r\n13:39\r\n\r\nLap 23/70 Well it should have been a long stint. ?OK slow down, bring it back,? Haas say on radio. ?I think we have a crossed wheel nut.? A replay shows a mechanic give the F1 signal for a crossed wheel nut, holding his arms in the air like he?s just signed for West Ham, only with much sadder eyes.Updated\r\nat 1.40pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n1.36pm BST\r\n13:36\r\n\r\nLap 22/70 The front five are well clear of the rest with about 15 seconds splitting Vettel in first and Hamilton in fifth. Further back down the road, Grosjean pits from 16th after suffering a dip in right-rear tyre pressure. He puts on the soft tyre which will set him up for a long stint. \r\n\r\n1.33pm BST\r\n13:33\r\n\r\nLap 20/70 Hulkenberg has been given a free pass by Jolyon Palmer, his Renault team-mate. The Briton started 10th but has slipped back to 12th. \r\n\r\n1.31pm BST\r\n13:31\r\n\r\nLap 19/70 Hamilton, in fifth, has upped his pace in the past couple of laps, setting the fastest opening sector of the race and opening a gap between his Mercedes and the Toro Rosso of Sainz behind him of around 12 seconds ? the biggest in the race. Updated\r\nat 1.34pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n1.29pm BST\r\n13:29\r\n\r\nLap 17/70 Here?s a huffy Daniel Ricciardo, who doesn?t hold back with his thoughts on Max Verstappen?s opening lap: ?It was what it was. I saw I had a good run out of one, I thought I?ll just go here and protect that place, and felt it hit. For sure it?s not on, that was amateur to say the least. I don?t think he likes when a team-mate gets in front of him. It was a very poor mistake. For sure, we?ll sort it out. I don?t think there?s an excuse for it. He got the line taken away from, he sees me go past, and it?s like ?I?ve got to fix this? and that?s it.?\r\n\r\n1.26pm BST\r\n13:26\r\n\r\nLap 14/70 Grosjean and Hulkenberg?s bump, a moment I haven?t seen much of, has been dismissed by the stewards as a racing incident. Yellow flags are out again briefly in sector one but are back in their holsters almost immediately. Vettel?s lead is already up to 3.4secs, but the biggest gap in the top six is between Raikkonen in second and Bottas in third of 5.6secs.\r\n\r\n1.23pm BST\r\n13:23\r\n\r\nLap 12/70 Clears signs of degradation on Lewis Hamilton?s rear tyres, but his priority at the moment is communication with Mercedes who are having some system issues in the garage ? though soon enough they get in touch to say it?s fixed. ?Good to have you back,? says Hamilton. \r\n\r\n1.21pm BST\r\n13:21\r\n\r\nLap 11/70 After a helter-skelter start things have settled a little in the Hungarian sunshine. Vettel has established a lead of more than two seconds from Raikkonen, with Bottas, Verstappen, Hamilton and Sainz making up the top six. Updated\r\nat 1.27pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n1.18pm BST\r\n13:18\r\n\r\nLap 9/70 The stewards have come down on Max Verstappen over the incident with Ricciardo, dishing out a 10-second penalty. An opening lap bump between Grosjean and Hulkenberg is also being investigated.\r\n\r\n1.16pm BST\r\n13:16\r\n\r\nLap 7/70 Fantastic battling between Perez, Alonso and Sainz with the latter jumping past the former world champion and up to sixth, one place behind Hamilton. Back in the paddock, Ricciardo is watching a replay, his famous grin nowhere to be seen. \r\n\r\n1.14pm BST\r\n13:14\r\n\r\nLap 6/70 That Verstappen lock up was unfortunate but Ricciardo will still be fuming that his team-mate took such an aggressive line. The safety car comes in, and Vettel zips away with Raikkonen on his tail. Hamilton attacks Verstappen and they?re wheel to wheel through the first few corners, but the teenager won?t yield!\r\n\r\n1.11pm BST\r\n13:11\r\n\r\nLap 4/70 The safety car is out and leading Vettel round the Hungaroring, followed by Raikkonen, Bottas, Verstappen, Hamilton, Sainz, Alonso, Perez, Vandoorne, and Ocon in 10th. \r\n\r\n1.09pm BST\r\n13:09\r\n\r\nLap 2/70 Yellow flags as Ricciardo?s car is dealt with. The replay shows Hamilton try to hold the inside line on the tight turn one and get swamped by both Red Bulls, but on turn two Verstappen seems to lock up slightly, slamming into the side of his team-mate. A moment later Ricciardo is spinning across the track, and very fortunate not to take a big hit as he spun. Updated\r\nat 1.09pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n1.05pm BST\r\n13:05\r\n\r\nVettel cuts off Raikkonen into turn one and holds on to the lead. Behind them is the action as Hamilton gets a sluggish start and Verstappen overtakes him. On turn three Ricciardo spins, he?s out! ?Someone hit me, Max I think it was,? says Ricciardo, of his Red Bull team-mate. Sainz is up to sixth, Perez all the way up to eighth. Updated\r\nat 1.24pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n1.03pm BST\r\n13:03\r\n\r\nHere we go...\r\n\r\n1.02pm BST\r\n13:02\r\n\r\nA reminder of the grid:1 Sebastian Vettel (Ferrari) 2 Kimi Raikkonen (Ferrari) 3 Valtteri Bottas (Mercedes) 4 Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes) 5 Max Verstappen (Red Bull) 6 Daniel Ricciardo (Red Bull) 7 Fernando Alonso (McLaren) 8 Stoffel Vandoorne (McLaren) 9 Carlos Sainz Jnr (Toro Rosso) 10 Jolyon Palmer (Renault) 11 Esteban Ocon (Force India) 12 Nico Hulkenberg (Renault) 13 Sergio Perez (Force India) 14 Romain Grosjean (Haas) 15 Kevin Magnussen (Haas) 16 Daniil Kvyat (Toro Rosso) 17 Lance Stroll (Williams) 18 Pascal Wehrlein (Sauber)  19 Paul di Resta (Williams) 20 Marcus Ericsson (Sauber)\r\n\r\n1.00pm BST\r\n13:00\r\n\r\nThe drivers are all set for the formation lap. It?s 30C at the Hungaroring, 55C on the track, and Lewis Hamilton has been making clear on team radio that he doesn?t back a one-stop strategy; he thinks tyre degradation is going to force a two.Updated\r\nat 1.01pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n12.56pm BST\r\n12:56\r\n\r\nMax Verstappen, by the way. What a cool customer. Just time for Giles Richards?s take on the 19-year-old?s stop-start season:\r\n\r\n12.50pm BST\r\n12:50\r\n\r\nIt?s a long run at Hungary down to the first corner, which should help negate a pile-up on the opening lap but also offers plenty of opportunity to overtake, something which becomes an awful lot harder once into the meat of the race. Getting off the grid well will be crucial. \r\n\r\n12.48pm BST\r\n12:48\r\n\r\nTed Kravitz grabs a word with McLaren?s Fernando Alonso: ?It should be the day for both McLarens to be in the top ten. Hopefully we execute.?And Red Bull?s Max Verstappen: ?I don?t know what we?re going to do. You can make plans but things can change. I?m just going to feel my way into the race.? Here?s Renault?s Jolyon Palmer: ?It?s a good position to be in [starting P10]. I think we need to make a good start and that will decide the race. The track feels good, the car feels good. I?m confident for a good race.? And finally acting?s Ashton Kutcher: ?I?m just here as a fan, man.?\r\n\r\n12.43pm BST\r\n12:43\r\n\r\nF1 managing director Ross Brawn is enjoying the sunshine on the grid, and he?s excited for this grand prix. ?Ferrari have come back again here ? [their form] is circuit dependent I think, because I understand there?s no great change to cars. It doesn?t look like Mercedes had a great qualifying but what?s great is we don?t know who?s going to win.? \r\n\r\n12.39pm BST\r\n12:39\r\n\r\nSky Sports? F1 team are depleted today. Martin Brundle is in Belgium I hear while Paul di Resta has stepped up to replace the unwell Felipe Massa for Williams. Quite a switch from commentary box to cockpit. In Brundle?s stead, Ted Kravitz will take on The Grid Walk.\r\n\r\n12.31pm BST\r\n12:31\r\n\r\n1 Sebastian Vettel (Ferrari) 2 Kimi Raikkonen (Ferrari)3 Valtteri Bottas (Mercedes) 4 Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes)5 Max Verstappen (Red Bull) 6 Daniel Ricciardo (Red Bull)7 Fernando Alonso (McLaren) 8 Stoffel Vandoorne (McLaren)9 Carlos Sainz Jnr (Toro Rosso) 10 Jolyon Palmer (Renault)11 Esteban Ocon (Force India) 12 Nico Hulkenberg (Renault)13 Sergio Perez (Force India) 14 Romain Grosjean (Haas)15 Kevin Magnussen (Haas) 16 Daniil Kvyat (Toro Rosso)17 Lance Stroll (Williams) 18 Pascal Wehrlein (Sauber) 19 Paul di Resta (Williams) 20 Marcus Ericsson (Sauber)Updated\r\nat 12.33pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n11.57pm BST\r\n23:57\r\n\r\nAfter his dominance of Silverstone, Saturday was supposed to be the moment Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher?s record of 68 poles, which had stood untouched for 11 years. Instead, those expecting Hamilton to drive off into the distance with the championship got a surprise ? and a welcome one for fans of a title dust up.Ferrari were much too quick for Mercedes around the Hungaroring, where Sebastian Vettel qualified on pole for today?s race alongside his team-mate Kimi Raikkonen second. ?The car was phenomenal and when I saw it was two reds up front I let out a big scream,? said Vettel after qualifying. ?It?s only Saturday of course and the big challenge comes tomorrow, but after all the talk after the last race [that Ferrari were finished] it was good to give the answer on the track.? If Hamilton is to claim a sixth win at one of his favourite circuits, and overturn his one-point deficit at the top of the drivers? championship, he will have to do it the hard way.The three-time world champion starts fourth behind his team-mate Valtteri Bottas in an all-Mercedes second row who help to make up a nicely symmetrical front eight; Max Verstappen leads Daniel Ricciardo in an all-Red Bull third row, and Fernando Alonso starts ahead of Stoffel Vandoorne for the resurgent McLaren who occupy the fourth row ? their finest grid positions of the season. Formula One takes its summer break after Hungary, making this a pretty handy moment to land a telling blow. Vettel is in position to do just that.Lights out: 1pm BST, 2pm local time Updated\r\nat 2.59pm BST\r\n\r\nThe Indian boxing contingent at the 48th Grand Prix Usti Nad Labem in the Czech Republic claimed five gold medals, two silver and one bronze medal at the event. Among the gold medal winners were World Championships bronze-medallist Shiva Thapa and former Commonwealth Games gold-medallist Manoj Kumar. The World Boxing Championships are scheduled from August 25 to September 2.\r\nIndian boxers packed quite a heavy punch at the 48th Grand Prix Usti Nad Labem, clinching five gold, two silver and one bronze medal at the event in the Czech Republic.World Championships bronze-medallist Shiva Thapa (60kg), former Commonwealth Games gold-medallist Manoj Kumar (69kg), Amit Phangal (52kg), Gaurav Bidhuri (56kg) and Satish Kumar (+91kg) claimed gold medals after winning their respective summit clashes.Kavinder Bisht (52kg) and Manish Panwar (81kg), on the other hand, settled for silver medals. Earlier, Sumit Sangwan (91kg) had claimed a bronze after going down in the semifinals.READ?|?Hungarian GP: Sebastian Vettel grabs pole in Ferrari front-row lock outAmit and Kavinder opened the proceedings for the country in an all-Indian final. Of the two, Amit is a light flyweight (49kg) boxer but competed in the flyweight division in this event. He defeated Kavinder 3-2 to claim the top position.Next up was Gaurav against Poland?s Iwanow Jaroslaw and the Indian had no trouble notching up a 5-0 win.Shiva, who recently won a silver medal at the Asian Championships, also clinched a dominant 5-0 victory over Slovakia?s Filip Meszaros to record another morale-boosting triumph ahead of next month?s World Championships in Hamburg, Germany.Another Hamburg-bound boxer, Manoj, too claimed a 5-0 verdict against local favourite David Kotrc. However, Satish Kumar had to stave off a stiff challenge from German Max Keller for his gold.READ?|?India pip Kazakhstan to win FIBA Women?s Asia Cup Division B, rise to Division AManish, on the other hand, lost to Germany?s Ibragim Bazuev to settle for a silver medal.The tournament marked the end of a fortnight-long training-cum-competition trip for the Indian boxers ahead of the world showpiece scheduled from August 25 to September 2.Of the boxers competing in this tournament, Amit, Kavinder, Gaurav, Shiva, Manoj, Sumit and Satish will be competing in the World Championships.The eighth Indian boxer in the fray at Hamburg will be Vikas Krishan (75kg) but he did not accompany the team on this trip, preferring to train in Pune. \r\nThree African women and a man were arrested by the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) for allegedly trying to smuggle over 32 kg of drugs worth ?70 lakh in three separate operations. They were arrested at the Indira Gandhi International Airport while they were trying to fly to foreign destinations with drugs concealed in their bags, an NCB official said.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 30 (PTI) In a major crackdown, three African women and a man have been arrested by the NCB in the national capital for allegedly trying to smuggle out narcotic drugs worth Rs 70 lakh in the international market, an official said today. Drugs (pseudoephedrine and ephedrine) weighing over 32 kgs have also been seized by the sleuths of the Delhi zonal unit of the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) in three separate operations launched by them since yesterday. All the four have been apprehended from the Indira Gandhi International Airport (IGIA) in the last 24 hours while they were trying to fly out to various foreign destinations with the contraband concealed in their bags, a senior NCB officer said. The three women have been identified as Zambian Doris Mwansa (46), South Africans Mandaba Violet Xaba (31) and Patricia S Ncube (46) while the Nigerian man is Johnson, the officer said. \r\nA leopard on Friday attacked and injured a twelve-year-old boy while he was coming back with his friends from Mumbai's Aarey pump house. This is the fifth incident of a leopard attack in the last five months. Authorities have reportedly set up two cages to trap the leopard and expect that it will be trapped within the next few days.\r\nTwelve-year-old Aarey resident Aniket Dileep Page was attacked by a leopard near the Aarey pump house at Film City around 5.30pm on Friday. This is the fifth incident of a leopard attack at Aarey over the past five months. The forest department set up two cages on Thursday at two separate locations ? near Film City and at the Aarey helipad ? to trap the leopard. After Friday?s incident, another trap cage will be set up on Saturday morning.According to the forest department, Page, a resident of Maroshipada, was injured on the back of his neck and on his thighs. ?Page and five other teenagers were headed to the pump house to wash their clothes. On their way back, as his friends walked ahead, Page bent down to scratch his leg,? said Sameer Inamdar, forest officer, Mumbai range. ?Suddenly, the leopard leaped and got a hold of him. The other boys shouted loudly and this startled the leopard, which left Page and ran off.?READ: One leopard behind attacks on four children in Mumbai?s Aarey Colony? Experts think soPage was rushed to Hindu Hruday Samrat Balasaheb Thackeray Trauma Care Municipal Hospital at Jogeshwari. ?Doctors said he is out of danger. He got nine stitches and has been kept under observation till Saturday,? said Inamdar. The incident comes less than a week after two-year-old Vihaan Nilesh Garuda, the son a Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP) staffer Nilesh Garuda, was attacked and killed by the same leopard close to Film City. On May 29, a four-year-old boy, a resident of Royal Palms in Aarey Colony, Goregaon, was attacked by a leopard. On March 17, a three-year-old boy was attacked near Khadakpada.Forest department officials said even after increasing the patrolling in the area, the attacks were taking place. ?We have activated the two trap cages and expect the leopard should be trapped within the next few days. It?s roaming around the trap cage but refusing to enter it,? said Santosh Kank, range forest officer, Mumbai forest range. He added another trap cage will be installed near the pump house. ?We have understood its route and laid food at the trap cage to lure it,? said Kank, adding they had images of the animal after setting up 15 camera traps and studying its rosette pattern.\r\nEurope's human rights court has ruled that sex for older women is as important and found a Portuguese court guilty of sexual discrimination in a 50-year-old woman's medical compensation case. Ruling that importance of sex diminished with a woman's age, the Portuguese court had cut the woman's compensation for a botched surgery that left her unable to have normal sex.\r\nJudges in Portugal were guilty of sexual discrimination in a medical compensation case when they decided that the importance of sex diminished with the age of a woman, Europe?s human rights court has ruled.Maria Morais, a 50-year-old Portuguese woman with two children, claimed that medical negligence during botched gynaecological surgery at a Portuguese hospital in 1995 left her unable to have normal sex. She won her compensation case for physical and mental suffering, but the hospital then won a 2013 appeal that cut the payout by around one-third.Justifying the cut, judges in Lisbon argued sex was not as important because of her age. The three-judge panel ? made up of two men and a woman ? were all over 50, according to Morais?s lawyer, Vitor Ribeiro. The case triggered a storm of protest in Portugal, where one female lawmaker described the ruling as ?Taliban jurisprudence.?The France-based European court of human rights sided with Morais, saying Portuguese judges were guilty of ?prejudices? and had violated the right to respect for private and family life. It ordered Portugal to pay Morais ?3,250 ($3,790) in damages and ?2,460 for costs and expenses.The Portuguese court?s decision ?ignored the physical and psychological importance of sexuality for women?s self-fulfillment and other dimensions of women?s sexuality?, the European court said.?The [Lisbon court] decision had moreover been based on the general assumption that sexuality was not as important for a 50-year-old woman and mother of two children as for someone of a younger age. In the [European] court?s view those considerations showed the prejudices prevailing in the judiciary in Portugal,? it added.There was no immediate reaction from Portuguese authorities.The European court noted two other judgments in Portugal, in 2008 and 2014, concerning medical malpractice complaints by two male patients. In those cases, Portugal?s supreme court found that the fact that the men could no longer have normal sexual relations had affected their self-esteem and brought ?tremendous or strong mental shock?, regardless of their age or whether they had had children or not.? This article was amended on 26 July 2017. The subheading in an earlier version said Lisbon judges. This has been corrected to judges in France.\r\nA man set himself on fire in Sydney protesting against the Australian Immigration Department on Friday, reports said. Adding that the police negotiated with the man for 8-10 minutes before he set himself alight, officials said the man was "deeply disturbed and upset". He "would have killed himself" if police had not doused him with a fire extinguisher, they added.\r\nA man who set himself on fire near Sydney?s Central station was protesting the Department of Immigration, according to New South Wales police.The man, aged around 30, doused himself in petrol and set himself alight on Lee Street near the department at 1.30pm on Friday.Superintendent David Donohue could not confirm if the man was an asylum seeker or had been through the immigration system. ?I?m not at liberty to discuss what his issues were but he was protesting the Department of Immigration,? he said at a press conference. Donohue said the man was ?deeply disturbed and upset? and ?would have killed himself? if police had not doused him with a fire extinguisher. He is being treated for superficial burns to his thighs, and his mental health is being assessed in hospital.Police negotiated with the man for eight to 10 minutes before he set himself alight, Donohue said.?On police arrival, they saw the male covering himself in petrol. Police responded quickly, entered into negotiations with the gentleman and shortly thereafter he set himself on fire.??I?m not aware of the actual dialogue between the officers,? he said.NSW police could not confirm whether the man had been inside the Department of Immigration building before he set himself alight.Donohue said members of the NSW fire service were present and the response of law enforcement saved the man from more serious harm. ?The quick actions of police at the time were able to douse him with a fire extinguisher and put him out very quickly and as a result he suffered minor injuries.?A spokesman for the Department of Immigration said it was aware of the incident. NSW police said they had not yet spoken to the department as they were focusing on the man?s health. In May last year, Somali refugee Hodan Yasin set herself alight while in immigration detention in Nauru, and Iranian refugee Omid Masoumali died in April last year after a similar self-immolation protest during a UN visit to the island. Sources on the island told Guardian Australia in May that self-harm and suicide attempts happened daily on Nauru. ? Crisis support services can be reached 24 hours a day: Lifeline 13 11 14; Suicide Call Back Service 1300 659 467; Kids Helpline 1800 55 1800; MensLine Australia1300 78 99 78; Beyond Blue 1300 22 4636\r\nNational Award winning actress Neena Gupta described herself as a "good actress" living and working in Mumbai while asking for jobs via her social media accounts. Neena said, "Everybody thinks that after my marriage, I have moved to Delhi and I don't work anymore... then I see so many roles being offered to other actors of my age."\r\nVeteran actor Neena Gupta doesn?t care two hoots about what people will think or say about what she says. Maybe that?s why, the actor didn?t shy away when she put up on social media that she is looking for work.?I?m feeling very proud of myself [after my Instagram post]. I feel like I?m launching myself again?. at this age! So what? I am not dead. I am fit, I look good and I can still act, so why not! I?m not ashamed,? says national award-winning actor Neena Gupta in an exclusive chat with us.    I live in mubai and working am a good actor looking fr good parts to play A post shared by Neena Gupta (@neena_gupta) on Jul 27, 2017 at 10:11pm PDT The 62-year-old, on Friday, posted on Instagram (and Twitter), that ?she is a good actor looking for good parts to play.? And her daughter, Masaba Gupta (with cricketer Vivian Richards) reposted it along with a message. ?I thought she?ll scold me saying ?you don?t know anything about social media and you are posting this rubbish?. But when I read her post, I realised she understands,? says Neena, adding that she was moved to tears on reading Masaba?s post.Asked what triggered her to share this post, Neena says, ?Everybody thinks that after my marriage, I have moved to Delhi and I don?t work anymore. So, I get so putt off and then I see so many roles being offered to other actors of my age.?I live in mumbai and i am working and i am a good actress koee kam hai toe batao? Neena Gupta (@Neenagupta001) July 28, 2017Sharing a recent incident that left her ?frustrated and disappointed?, Neena adds, ?There was a very nice and lengthy role in a big film and I knew that director very well but he just took someone else, who was not even a Punjabi, and this was a Punjabi woman?s role. I called him and asked ?Punjabi ka role Maharashtrian ko de raha hai, meri umar ka? Tune mere ko kyun nahi liya??.And he said ?Sorry Neena, mujhe dhyaan hi nahi aaya. Mujhe laga tu toh ab Delhi mein rehti hai aur kaam nahi karti.? After that I decided that I still have enough time to start again? mujhe koi sharam nahi hai to ask for work.?The actor, who recently played the role of a mother in a film called The Music Teacher, feels lucky that people still remember for the TV show Saans, which was two decades ago. ?This profession is such that if you don?t work for some time, people forget you. It?s like being out of sight and out of mind,? says Neena confessing that it was a conscious decision after marriage to not work actively, as her husband was in a stable job. ?But I realized that he was working all the time and I was sitting at home waiting for him. So I thought this is not going to work and that?s why I said that no one should leave work for anything in the world.?    Just the other day I was telling someone .. how I am never afraid/ shy to ask for work. Its obviously genetic. My mother put up this post on her instagram today. I mean,my 62yr old national award winning mother. She told me I must always work .. no matter what .. it keeps you from getting old...she told me they don't write for women her age anymore ... I don't think anyone can replicate what she did for TV anymore.. she complains that she can't do PR .. but says 'I do good work,that's my PR'.. time and again we've spoken about how whatever she asks for ... in due time ,she gets... But that's the magic of a pure heart. The universe just can't refuse you... the only advice I have the guts to give her is.. don't work with anyone who won't respect you ,at this age , that's the bare minimum & it's a strange strange industry she's in... the advice she gives me in return is..'whatever you do,free ka PR mat khaana,your only someone's kid/wife/niece/sister for this long. Prove yourself. WORK. Walk the talk & fly ????? @neena_gupta #neenaji A post shared by Masabs ? (@masabagupta) on Jul 28, 2017 at 9:34am PDT My problem is that I can do variety of roles. So when filmmakers are casting, they don?t think of me because I am not slotted.Neena also feels that filmmakers mostly consider her a TV face and not a commercial mainstream film actor. ?If you do one big commercial film and it?s a hit, everybody takes you for that particular kind of a role. My problem is that I can do variety of roles. I can look Punjabi, South Indian, gareeb and ameer too. So when filmmakers are casting, they don?t think of me because I am not slotted. I thought I will do all kinds of roles on TV and people will come to me but aisa nahi hota,? asserts the actor.While most actors these days bank on PR promotions, Neena modestly admits that she just can?t do it ?Somehow, I am genetically not fit for that. I?m a very shy person and find it difficult to ask for work even if I know somebody for ages. I expect ki woh bulayenge, but it?s not a correct attitude in this profession and it gets mistaken for arrogance too. So, I am making an effort. Although my PR is bad but this is the best PR I have done for myself and I didn?t even have to pay anyone to promote me,? she quips.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nSports Direct's Mike Ashley has won a lawsuit over a \xa315 million (?126 crore) deal made in a pub in 2013. In the case, a banker alleged that during a ?night of heavy drinking?, Ashley agreed to pay him \xa315 million if company?s shares doubled. However, the judge said nobody would've thought what Ashley said in the pub was ?serious?.\r\nNewcastle United owner and Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has won a high court battle over a \xa315m deal allegedly made in a London pub, calling time on a case that will be long remembered for days of evidence concerning excessive alcohol consumption.The case revolved around investment banker Jeffrey Blue?s allegation that during a ?night of heavy drinking? at the Horse and Groom pub near Sports Direct?s Oxford Street store in January 2013, Ashley agreed to pay him \xa315m if the company?s shares doubled to \xa38.However, on Wednesday, Mr Justice Leggatt, who had said he found the case was ?a lot more interesting than some?, ruled that no one would have thought what Ashley said in the pub was ?serious?.?The Sports Direct senior management meetings certainly show that Mr Ashley is happy to combine discussion of business matters with the consumption of alcohol,? the judge said in his ruling. ?But there is no evidence to suggest that Mr Ashley has ever negotiated or concluded a contract at one of these meetings.?The evening at the Horse and Groom was, in any event, a considerably less formal occasion than the senior management meetings, as there was no agenda or structure for the occasion and the conversation was largely social or general chat, rather than being specifically directed to any business subject.? Ashley was not in court to hear the judge deliver his ruling, but his lawyers said he had won a ?comprehensive? victory.In a statement, the businessman said: ?The only reason the Sports Direct share price exceeded \xa38, and will hopefully do so again, is because of the sterling efforts of all the people who work at Sports Direct.?Ashley, who gave evidence at the trial, said he could not recall making the alleged deal and if he had it would have been ?obviously just banter?.He had told the court that he had met Blue, who was then an adviser to Sports Direct, and three other finance specialists at the Horse & Groom pub and ?consumed a lot of alcohol?.?I can?t remember the details of the conversations that we had in the pub as it was a heavy night of drinking,? Ashley had said. ?I do remember that we had a lot of drinks and a lot of banter. ?If I did say to Mr Blue that I would pay him \xa315m if he could increase [Sports Direct?s] share price to \xa38, it would be obvious to everyone, including Mr Blue, that I wasn?t being serious.? He said he paid Blue, whom he called ?Jeffers?, \xa31m for ?other deals? unrelated to the night in the Horse & Groom.Sports Direct?s shares hit the \xa38 price target in February 2014. The shares have since collapsed below \xa33, in part because of reputational damage caused by a Guardian investigation that revealed workers at the retailer?s Derbyshire warehouse were being paid less than the minimum wage.Shortly after the shares hit \xa38 at 1.04pm on 25 February 2014 Blue?s wife, who was also in court, texted him to say: ?It?s hit 8!!!!!?.Blue told the judge that Ashley was a ?serious businessman?. He said the work ethic at Sports Direct was ?like nothing else I have ever seen?, but he said Ashley sometimes did business ?in unorthodox ways and in unusual venues?.Blue claimed Ashley once vomited into a fireplace after a senior management meeting that was ?effectively a pub lock-in? and said the businessman would take naps under tables at ?boring? meetings.Lawyers told the judge that Ashley had run up legal bills of \xa31.5m, and Blue bills of ?\xa31m-odd?. The judge said Blue would have to pick up Ashley?s legal bills and \xa3600,000 would have to be paid on account within the next month.Lawyers indicated that Blue had been ?assisted? by insurers in launching the litigation. \r\nOne-third of BSNL's prime land is estimated to be worth ?65,000 crore now, which is higher than the value of ?975 crore for its entire land assets decades ago, MD Anupam Shrivastava said. This includes land parcels in Delhi, Mumbai, and Ahmedabad, among others. The land on which BSNL has its corporate office, has itself been valued at ?2,500 crore.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 30 (PTI) BSNLs one-third of prime land holdings alone is estimated to be now worth Rs 65,000 crore, way higher than the book value of Rs 975 crore for its entire land assets recorded decades ago, a senior company official said. Bharat Sanchar Nigam (BSNL) had a book value of Rs 975 crore for the 15,000-odd land and building assets it holds, Chairman and Managing Director Anupam Shrivastava said. This valuation was arrived at decades back, and in order to reflect a true picture the company got a reassessment done using the fair value method. BSNL -- figured among the top loss making firms with a net loss of about Rs 3,880 crore in the governments Public Enterprises Survey 2015-16 -- initiated the valuation exercise as part of project Vasundhara in April this year. KPMG was roped in as a consultant for the project, which is now nearing completion. The exercise, done alongside the aggressive business revival plans the company pursues, saw one-third of the freehold land assets, mostly in prime locations in major cities being reassessed at the current market value. "We decided to go for fair valuation of a third of our land parcels...freehold land. For entire land holding, the book value was so far Rs 975 crore in our books of account. With this, the fair valuation has been estimated at about Rs 65,000 crore just for one-third of land parcels," he told PTI here. According to Shrivastava, the valuation was taken up as part of a "special window allowed under the Indian Accounting Standard". "We were informed by our consultant KPMG that a window of opportunity was provided for this year, for all companies... So we are among companies that have undertaken this exercise of fair valuation of the land parcels," he said. The valuation exercise is "97-98 per cent complete", he added. The valuation includes land parcels in Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Lucknow, Chennai and Kolkata, among others. "The land on which BSNL has its corporate office has itself been valued at nearly Rs 2,500 crore," he added. \r\nAccording to a study by the Centre for Advanced Facial Cosmetic and Plastic Surgery, One Direction singer Harry Styles has the world's most handsome eyes and chin. The study uses The Golden Ratio to assess symmetry of faces of celebrities and rank them in order of attractiveness. Meanwhile, actor Ryan Gosling won in the world's most handsome nose category. n\r\nOne Direction star Harry Styles has the world?s most handsome eyes and chin, according to a new study published by the Centre for Advanced Facial Cosmetic and Plastic Surgery.Harry Styles was recently seen in Dunkirk.The study uses the Golden Ratio, a form of measurements to detect how symmetrical a face is, to identify exactly which male celebrities are objectively the most handsome, reports Aceshowbiz.com.A better look at his chin?\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tStyles is on top of the most gorgeous eyes category due to the length of his eyes and the distance between them, with 98.15 per cent of the perfect ratio. Harry beat the likes of Ryan Gosling.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tFor a perfect chin, the study says the width of the chin at the mid point where it goes in the most should be 1.618 times the length of the lip. Harry?s chin is 99.7 per cent of this ratio. He comes out on the top of this category, beating Jamie Foxx, David Beckham, Idris Elba and Ryan Gosling. Gosling, however, won in the world?s most handsome nose category with 99.7 per cent of the perfect ratio. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nMore than 22,000 people were evacuated on Saturday after a fire broke out on one of the stages at Tomorrowland Unite music festival in Barcelona, Spain. It is believed the fire could have been triggered by a firework display which was part of the show. Firefighters managed to extinguish the flame and no injuries have been reported, said the organisers.\r\nMore than 22,000 people were evacuated on Saturday when the stage at an electronic music festival near Barcelona erupted in flames, sending attendees running.Firefighters rushed to the Tomorrowland festival in Santa Coloma de Gramenet in north-eastern Spain, and eventually managed to extinguish the blaze which caused no injuries, they said in a statement.A total of 22,143 people had to be evacuated from the festival, they added.Footage of the incident shows one side of the stage consumed by giant flames, a shower of sparks raining down as people ran away and black smoke billowing up.It is not clear what caused the blaze, but organisers said on their Facebook page it was due to a technical malfunction.?Thanks to the professional intervention of the authorities all 22,000 visitors were evacuated safely and without reports of injuries,? they said.\r\nA picture showing a Hindu CRPF officer standing guard as a Muslim officer offers his namaz during duty hours has gone viral. The picture was originally shared on CRPF's official Twitter account, with the caption 'Brothers-in-arms for peace'. "Pic wid million of words n msg, it represnt what we're n real sprit of Harmony", a person tweeted on the picture.\r\nCaptioned 'Brothers-in-arms for peace', the picture tweeted by the official CRPF handle on Saturday has Twitterati swooning over the humble comradery of two officers. The picture shows, presumably a Hindu CRPF officer standing guard for his fellow Muslim officer while he offers namaz during duty hours. The post went viral for all right reasons, with people hailing the harmonious sociability, religious coexistence and brotherhood between the two CRPF officers. heart filled with joy after seeing this pic...jai hind brothers ????A J&K policeman offers Namaz while a CRPF Jawan stands guard. Together they fight terrorism.#BrothersInArmspic.twitter.com/NrgAascAgWPic wid million of words n msg, it represnt what we're n real sprit of Harmony. Salute to armd force personal dat how dey save us @ any costIt also assumes added significance as the Valley has been reeling under enormous unrest and bellicose sentiments for over an year now, with curfews being imposed regularly. The post sits atop the garb of how Kashmir is polarised on religious lines- with a Hindu cop shielding his Muslim colleague while the latter offers his prayers. \r\nCapita, one of the UK?s largest outsourcing companies, has demanded up to \xa321,000 (?17.7 lakh) from graduates who tried to leave an unpaid training scheme. Former trainees said the training lacked any on-the-job experience and called it ?absolutely useless?. Capita has said participants were made fully aware that free training is provided to only those who successfully complete the course.\r\nCapita, one of the UK?s largest outsourcing companies, has demanded payouts of up to \xa321,000 from graduates who tried to pull out of an unpaid training scheme under which they were not guaranteed a job.The company, which provides services ranging from electronic tagging of offenders to store card services for retailers and BBC licence fee collection, has been criticised for advertising a number of roles in its IT resourcing division that stipulate applicants must be a graduate and able to attend between two and four months of unpaid training in London or Manchester.Former trainees who spoke to The Guardian said they had been disappointed with the scheme, as the training consisted almost exclusively of online reading from a digital library without any direct teaching or on-the-job experience.One former trainee described the course as ?absolutely useless?. They said: ?All you get is academic textbooks to read. Anyone expecting a hands-on approach would be disappointed. I was offered a few opportunities by other graduate schemes and companies [during the Capita training] but I refused them as I was under the threat of a liability to pay \xa321,000. I thought at the end of it how foolish I was.?Another former trainee said that they had decided to leave after just over a year of working for Capita and had been asked to pay about \xa321,000. After protesting, the trainee ended up without her last month of pay, or about \xa31,200.?I think they knew I was vulnerable as I started as a graduate,? the trainee said. The trainee sought a new job after finding they were being used to ?fill HR gaps? rather than being given roles suitable to her training.Capita said that it now charged \xa313,000 to trainees who wanted to leave before completing their training and two years of work. It said it had previously charged different rates depending on the role involved.A spokesperson said: ?All participants in the training are made fully aware, at numerous times prior to commencing the training, that it is provided free of charge to only those people who successfully complete the course and are engaged by Capita or a Capita client. Those who successfully complete the training but cannot be found a role within 90 days also receive the training free of charge.?Further revelations about the Capita scheme come as it emerges that one of Capita?s rivals, FDM Group, a FTSE-listed company which works with the Home Office and Ministry of Justice, also demands graduates sign up to months of unpaid training in order to secure jobs.The group?s graduate programme includes up to 14 weeks of unpaid training, after which it says 99% of attendees are placed in a job.The company also demands that trainees pay up to \xa320,000 if they leave during the training or the first two years of work.A spokeswoman for FDM said: ?The professional training we provide is a major financial investment in our people and in line with employers who invest in their people, we have clauses in our contracts that look to recoup the cost of training with a cap of \xa320,000 if a person leaves during training or the first two years of consulting. We have a commitment to transparency with all applicants to ensure that they understand the terms clearly. Trainees have 14 days from when they start training to trial the programme and leave with no fees charged.??We have a clear and unwavering commitment for all trainees and employees to be treated and compensated fairly and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Our employees receive a competitive graduate salary that far exceeds national minimum wage levels.?Individuals undertaking our bespoke training do not engage in any work or provide any services for us or any of our clients until they have successfully completed their training, passed all relevant internal and external examinations and been assessed as ready for the workplace.?\r\nActor Rana Daggubati has confirmed that he has signed his first international project with The London Digital Movie & TV Studios. He has also been appointed the Asian Brand Ambassador of the studio. The details of the rest of the cast and crew will be revealed in September and the project will begin in 2018. \r\n2017 is turning out to be an important year for Rana Daggubati, who's basking in the terrific success of Baahubali 2: The Conclusion. Needless to say, Rana became a pan-Indian star post Baahubali 2. Rana, who awaits the release of his political thriller Nene Raju Nene Mantri, has signed his first international project with The London Digital Movie & TV Studios (LDM). Interestingly, the Baahubali star has been appointed as the brand ambassador for the UK-based studio.An elated Rana announced the news on Twitter.Happy to be associated with LDM !! Looking fwd to making some great cinema and brining in better technology in filmmaking!! https://t.co/8WHaF6ZKFlThe LDM has officially confirmed that the project will go on the floors in 2018.Rana Daggubati is teaming up with Kajal Aggarwal for the first time in Nene Raju Nene Mantri. Directed by Teja, the film has an ensemble cast including Aggarwal, Catherine Tresa, Navdeep and Ashutosh Rana.The film will simultaneously release in Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi. Produced by Suresh Babu, the film is expected to release in August. Nene Raju Nene Mantri will release as Naan Aanaiyittal. \r\nActor Emraan Hashmi, whose film 'Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai' completed seven years on Sunday, said that people had never imagined him in this kind of cinema, considering the serial-kisser tag he had. "The director Milan Luthria and the producers dared to take the risk, and had belief in the potential of the film," Emraan added. \r\nActor Emraan Hashmi has been in the Hindi film industry for almost 14 years, but the one film which he considers a career-changer was Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai (2010). The multi-starrer featuring actors Ajay Devgn, Kangana Ranaut, Randeep Hooda and Prachi Desai was a hit with both the audiences and critics.?The experience of working with Ajay was great. I had worked with Kangana before this film, and Prachi and Randeep were amazing too. People had never imagined me in this kind of cinema, considering the serial-kisser tag I had?, says Emraan. He is appreciative of the fact that the makers had confidence in the subject. He says, ?The director Milan Luthria and the producers dared to take the risk, and had belief in the potential of the film. Facing the camera in the character was a huge change for me.?Ajay Devgn played the role of Sultan Mirza, while Emraan Hashmi was his nemesis ShoaibEmraan played the role of the rebellious Shoaib based on a real-life underworld don. His character locks horns with the smuggling overlord of Mumbai, Sultan Mirza, played by Ajay Devgn. Emraan reveals what appealed to him about the film. ?Before this, there had been landmark gangster films like Vaastav (1999), Company (2002) and Satya (1998), and I myself had rejected a lot of films based on the underworld?, he says. ?When Milan started narrating the script, I realised he had done something fresh and new with the concept. It was a ten minute narration, and the story focused on the vulnerabilities of the two characters Sultan and Shoaib. He didn?t even have a full script, but I was sold on the narration. And of course, there was the visual aspect- the cars of that era, the clothes, complete with the bellbottoms!? Emraan adds.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nIndian women's cricket team pacer Jhulan Goswami has said she has no time for a romantic relationship. "I am focusing on the game. If I can't devote time to a relationship then I won't be able to do justice to it. I would prefer to do one thing at a time...there's a lot of time for that," said the 34-year-old.\r\nShe may be an ace pacer but Jhulan Goswami is in no rush to engage in a romantic partnership at the moment. Indian star Goswami believes in doing just one thing at a time.?I am focusing on the game. I am so busy with it that I will not be able to devote time to anything else. If I can?t devote time to a relationship then I won?t be able to do justice to it. I would prefer to do one thing at a time,? Goswami told a television channel here on Saturday.READ?|?Mithali Raj reaches Hyderabad amid fanfare; CM awards plot and Rs 1 crore?I have seen my friends.... how they have had to struggle to balance two things at one time. There?s a lot of time for that (relationship),? she remarked days after India women?s cricket team agonisingly lost to hosts England in the World Cup final at Lord?s.Does the pacer unwind at all??I like movies and music. In fact, before the semi-final and final match (of the World Cup) I saw a couple of classic  Bengali movies to divert my mind,? the 34-year-old said.READ?|?Indian women?s cricket team present signed bat to Prime Minister Narendra ModiIndia rode on Goswami?s 3/23 to restrict England to 228/7 but after Punam Raut (86), semi-final?s star Harmanpreet Kaur (51) and Veda Krishnamurthy (35) helped India come within touching distance of the target, the Mithali Raj-led side lost wickets in a hurry and inexplicably lost by nine runs.Goswami vouched for increasing accessibility to infrastructure for women cricketers.?Cricket Association of Bengal has done a good thing by starting district cricket but I feel it is as important to look into club cricket scenario in Kolkata. They have good infrastructure and it should be made accessible to women,? she said.\r\nUSA's Caeleb Dressel won three gold medals within 90 minutes at the World Aquatics Championships on Saturday, to become the world's first swimmer to ace three events on a single night at a world meet. Dressel's medal haul comprised individual golds in 50-metre freestyle and 100-metre butterfly, besides a world record-breaking performance in the 4x100-metre mixed freestyle relay.\r\nCaeleb Dressel knows the comparisons are coming.After pulling off an unprecedented Triple Crown at swimming?s world championships, it?s time to take on the legacy of Michael Phelps.The 20-year-old Dressel established himself as America?s newest star of the pool Saturday, becoming the first swimmer to win three gold medals on a single night at either the worlds or the Olympics.Not even Phelps managed such an audacious feat.Dressel won the 50m freestyle and the 100m butterfly before leading off a world-record performance in the 4x100-meter mixed freestyle relay.?The comparisons are probably inevitable,? Dressel said. ?But I?m not the same person as Michael.?Yet it was downright Phelps-like the way he pulled off a remarkable night of swimming at Duna Arena. Dressel raced three times over the course of about two hours ? and won every time. Not to mention, he had to find time to warm down and get to three medal ceremonies.?I think I only had to run twice,? Dressel said with a smile.The University of Florida student ? yep, he?s got an algebra exam coming up Monday that he?ll be taking online ? has won six golds medals in Budapest.That gives him a shot at moving into more rarified territory: Phelps is the only swimmer to win seven golds at a world championships, which he did at Melbourne in 2007 as a prelude to his record eight golds the following year at the Beijing Olympics.Dressel will be a virtual lock to win his seventh when he competes on the 4x100 medley relay Sunday, the final event of the championships.Again, those comparisons to Phelps.?It?s a tough question,? Dressel said. ?I don?t know if I welcome them. But I know they?re going to come. I don?t think it puts any pressure on me. I just want to keep doing my thing at this meet and for the future.?Phelps was certainly impressed and texted his congratulations shortly after the relay event. ?This kid is on fire!!? Phelps wrote on Instagram, including a picture of him celebrating with Dressel during a gold medal-winning relay they were both on last summer at the Rio Olympics. ?So damn fun to watch buddy!!!!?Dressel started the night with a furious dash from one end of the pool to the other, adding the 50 free world title to the 100 free he already had. He came back about a half-hour later to nearly break Phelps? world record in the 100 fly, posting a time of 49.86 that was just four-hundredths off the mark set in 2009 at the rubber suit-aided championships in Rome.The final relay was merely a coronation, the Americans romping to gold in 3 minutes, 19.60 seconds ? eclipsing by nearly 3 1/2 seconds the mark they set two years ago at worlds.?Man, that was a lot of fun,? Dressel said.He even managed to overshadow Katie Ledecky, who won her fifth gold medal of the meet by cruising to victory in the 800 free. Yet Budapest will be remembered as bit of a disappointment for the star of the 2016 Summer Games, who settled for silver in the 200 free and didn?t come close to breaking any of her personal bests.Ledecky won in 8:12.68, which was nearly eight seconds off her world record at Rio de Janeiro.?I?ve never walked away from a season completely satisfied, even last year,? she said. ?I can really take what I?ve learned and use it moving forward. It gets me really excited. If that was my bad year for the next four years, then the next couple years are going to be pretty exciting.?Sweden?s Sarah Sjostrom was another standout, bouncing back from a disappointing loss the previous night to win gold in the 50 fly and set a world record in the semifinals of 50 free. Her time of 23.67 broke the mark of 23.73, set in 2009 by Britta Steffen.In the women?s 200 backstroke, Emily Seebohm of Australia shrugged off the roaring Hungarian crowd to take gold over home-country favorite Katinka Hosszu.Sjostrom set her second world record of the meet, having already established a new standard in the 100 free while swimming the leadoff leg of the 4x100 free relay.But even the Swedish star took note of Dressel?s performance.?I don?t even know if he went to the Olympics last year,? she said. ?He took a really big step this year as we can see. It?s really impressive, really cool to see.?Indeed, Dressel has emerged as the breakout performer of these championships, with a bit of help from the relatively new mixed relays. Two of his golds came in events that feature men and women on the same team, races Phelps never competed in at worlds.?It?s crazy,? Dressel said. ?But I had mixed relays helping me out, so it?s a bit different.?Yet no less impressive.Dressel led off the mixed free relay with a blistering time of 47.22 for the first 100 ? even more remarkable given what he?d already been through ? and his three teammates ? Nathan Adrian, Mallory Comerford and Simone Manuel ? took it from there.?That last relay was a lot of fun,? Dressel said. ?I wanted to lead it off even though it meant less to get ready for it. It was such a blast.?The whole night was.?I haven?t had much time to think,? Dressel said, pondering the significance of it all. ?As physically demanding as it is, mentally it?s even more straining. So I have 24 hours until my next swim. I?ll give myself 30 minutes tonight to, I guess, let it sink in a bit, then it?s time to refocus for that relay tomorrow.?\r\nBetween 2012 and 2017, 523 cases of wetland destruction were reported in Maharashtra, according to a report by Mumbai-based NGO Vanashakti. While ten major cases were reported from Mumbai Metropolitan Region, most cases were reported in other areas such as Thane and Dombivli. Bombay High Court had banned construction on wetlands after the NGO filed a PIL to protect them. \r\nA court order protecting them and several reports pointing out their importance notwithstanding, wetlands across the state continue to be destroyed. Between 2012 and 2017 alone, 523 cases of wetland destruction were reported, a report compiled by the Mumbai-based NGO Vanashakti revealed at the National Mangrove Conference in Dona Paula, Goa, on Thursday. Ten major cases were reported from the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, but the most cases were reported in Thane, at Kalher, Kasheli and Dombivli among other areas. In Mumbai, the destruction is taking place right under our noses ? a 400-acre patch opposite Millat Nagar in Oshiwara-Lonkhandwala, a 15-acre patch at Shivaji Nagar, a 200 acre patch in Charkop and a 10-acre patch in Dahisar.Why does this matter to you? Wetlands are areas of land covered by water, and apart from being home to several species of plants and animals, they act as a carbon sink by absorbing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and cleaning the air you breathe.READ: Maharashtra government order to save wetlands: List those larger than 2.25ha by September?More than 500 wetland destruction cases were reported in five years. This couldn?t have been possible if not for active support from government machinery such as police and revenue department,? said Stalin D, director, NGO Vanashakti. ?The state mangrove cell, meanwhile, has managed to keep the wetlands under their control, relatively safe.?In 2014, the Bombay HC banned reclamation and construction on wetlands after Vanashakti filed a PIL to protect them. Stalin said even during the wetland grievance redressal committee meetings (formed by the state as per HC directions), corporations and revenue departments refused to restore degraded wetlands citing poor funds and lack of places to dump debris from wetlands. ?Despite several court orders, municipal corporations in Mumbai, Thane, Mira Bhayander and Vasai are ignorant about conserving wetlands,? Stalin said. According to the national wetland atlas developed by the Union environment ministry, Maharashtra (spread across 3.07 lakh sqkm) has a wetland cover of just 10,145 sqkm . The Vanashakti data comes a week after HT reported the state had directed every district to document wetlands larger than 2.25 hectares by September, to protect them. Before this directive, the state mapped 320 wetlands in forest areas across 25 districts . Beefing up security and tightening laws were the only ways to protect wetlands, experts said. ?Wetland destruction is a much larger violation than just destroying mangroves, which are a part of wetlands. The state needs to levy stricter fines and soon,? said Arvind Untawale, executive secretary of the Mangrove Society of India. ?The Vanashakti report is an eye-opener to the massive loss already incurred by the state.?Konkan commissioner Jagdish Patil told HT, ?We are drafting an action plan to protect these sites better. Once collectors submit their wetland lists, the panel will decide a strong action plan.?\r\nFollowing all-rounder Hardik Pandya's Test debut against Sri Lanka, captain Virat Kohli said, "If he grows in confidence, you see someone like Ben Stokes, what he does for England. He brings in a great balance as an all-rounder." The skipper also praised Pandya's batting, fielding and bowling skills and said that he has "a lot of faith in him".\r\nLike a striker in football, a quality pace bowling all-rounder is the most treasured property in international cricket. It is why the Indian team is excited and eager to see that Hardik Pandya develops his potential. He has the pace and is an aggressive batsman. He made a decent debut in the first Test in Galle, scoring a half-century and chipping in with a wicket.READ?|?Virat Kohli?s India shatter records in thumping win over Sri Lanka in Galle TestSkipper Virat Kohli backed Pandya, 23, to provide the Indian team balance in batting and bowling.?At home, it has been different but when you play away, one guy gives you a lot of balance. I think Hardik can be that guy going ahead, especially playing so much cricket away from home. If he grows in confidence ? you see someone like Ben Stokes, what he does for England. He brings in a great balance as an all-rounder. I see no reason why Hardik Pandya can?t become that for India,? said Kohli, declaring that Pandya had answered the quest for all-rounder.READ?|?Virat Kohli says Galle Test win vs Sri Lanka an example of Indian bowlers? skillsThat's it. A comprehensive victory and #TeamIndia take a 1-0 lead in the series #SLvIND pic.twitter.com/gTJKnWneMH? BCCI (@BCCI) July 29, 2017?He definitely has. He bowled really nicely on a wicket that wasn?t offering much and he kept it in the right areas. He used the bouncer well. He bowls around 135 kph, and when he bends his back, he can go higher. So, he is a great asset, and specially his batting. Otherwise, we would have been 540-550 in the first innings. He got 50 quickly and that saves you time as well. That gives you another 15 overs to bowl at the opposition. And his fielding is also tremendous. I have a lot of faith in him as far as any format is concerned.?\r\nPakistan Cricket Board has reserved over ?60 crore to bear the legal costs of filing compensation claim against the BCCI in the ICC disputes resolution committee. PCB chairman Shahrayar Khan said that the board had no option but to seek compensation from BCCI for not playing any bilateral series with Pakistan despite a MoU signed between the boards.\r\nPakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has reserved around Rs. 1 billion (100 crore in Pakistani rupees) to bear the legal costs of filing compensation claim against the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) in the ICC Disputes Resolution Committee.PCB Chairman Shaharyar Khan said in an interview on Saturday that the board of governor?s meeting on Friday had given approval for the budget to cover the legal costs.?We have hired a British law firm to represent us in the case and file the compensation claim with the disputes resolution committee,? Khan said.He said the PCB had no option but to seek compensation from the BCCI for not playing any bilateral series with Pakistan despite a MOU signed between the two boards in 2014.Khan said the claim would be filed with the ICC committee shortly after the BCCI had failed to respond to the notice of intent sent to them by the PCB and three rounds of talks with their officials also failed to break the deadlock.READ | Sports minister Vijay Goel slams BCCI for meeting PCB officials in Dubai?The BCCI claims they can?t play any bilateral series with us since their government is not giving clearance to them,? he added.Under the MOU the two countries are supposed to play six bilateral series between 2015 and 2022.The PCB, he said, had already sent a notice to the BCCI seeking USD 69 million in compensation from the Indians.?With India refusing to play us in a bilateral series we have lost millions in revenues. Even our broadcasting contract is clear that unless Pakistan and India don?t play a series or more during the tenure of the contract a sizeable amount is deducted from the contract amount (sic),? he said.Khan also confirmed that the planned tour by the World XI to Lahore from September 12 was subject to clearance and security assurances from the Punjab government.READ | Pakistan Cricket Board to discuss financial losses in meeting with BCCI?Giles Clarke who is organizing the tour as head of the ICC special task force on Pakistan cricket has some reservations over the delay in the PCB giving them clearance for the tour,? he said.He said without the PCB first getting clearance and security assurance from the government, it couldn?t give the same to the ICC special task force.Khan also made it clear that Pakistan would not restore cricketing ties with the Afghanistan Cricket Board until the latter gave a public apology.?The Afghanistan board has (to) apologise for the way they publicly gave a statement about Pakistan and Pakistan cricket. We were surprised at their statement because we have always supported Afghanistan cricket,? he added.Khan also said that as far as relations with Bangladesh were concerned the only issue was that they would have to tour Pakistan first as Pakistan had already visited Bangladesh twice and will (not) go there for a third consecutive time.READ |?Pakistan Cricket Board signed proper contract with BCCI, not MoU: Shahryar KhanThe chairman said domestic cricket of the country was not too appalling as it had been portrayed and some of their coaches were qualified and very good.Khan also made it clear the BOG was not happy at all with the performance of the national women?s team in the World Cup.?We all agree that there is a need for more players to come up on the women?s circuit as the same set of players more or less have been representing Pakistan for the last six to eight years.?Khan said he was leaving the PCB in a good state of affairs as the ICC Champions Trophy victory by the national team was a big boost for Pakistan cricket despite international teams not touring the country since 2009.?Sarfraz Ahmed did a very good job as captain and we feel that since he has been made captain in all three formats and is still young Pakistan cricket has a good future ahead of it,? he said.\r\nIndia Women cricketer Harmanpreet Kaur asked Narendra Modi if he had a clothes designer, during the side's meeting with him after their runners-up finish in the Women's World Cup. Modi reportedly said he did not have a designer and relied on his old tailor in Ahmedabad. He added the tailor would earlier charge ?20-25, but has now increased his charges.\r\nPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday hosted the Indian women?s team that finished runner-up at the ICC Women?s cricket World Cup and told the players that they made the nation proud like several other ?daughters? of the country.Modi had posted a series of tweets before the match to wish luck to the team and to players individually. He had also tweeted soon after the match to hail the team?s performance.READ | Women?s World Cup star Deepti Sharma wants to master carrom ball like R AshwinDuring the interaction, the players said that this was the first time that they had seen a Prime Minister tweet for the women?s cricket team, the PMO said.Delighted to meet the proud skipper of a proud team, @M_Raj03. Congratulated her for her leadership and her game. pic.twitter.com/qIQlOjPmHu? Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) July 27, 2017They said that they felt proud, happy and inspired to know that the Prime Minister was following their progress, PMO said in a statement.Jhulan Goswami is renowned not only in India but across the world for her bowling. Had a very good interaction with her today. pic.twitter.com/gqjFTHCHDF? Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) July 27, 2017Responding to questions asked by the players on handling pressure, the Prime Minister said that Yoga helps achieve a good balance between mind, body and action. He also said that practice of Yoga helps develop detachment, the statement said.With the talented @ImHarmanpreet...congratulated her for her memorable innings against Australia & wished her the best for the future. pic.twitter.com/E2BRzLZNiv? Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) July 27, 2017Telling the players that they had not ?lost?, the Prime Minister said 125 crore Indians carried their defeat in the final, on their shoulders, and this was, in fact, their greatest victory, the statement said.Interacted with this all rounder par excellence, Deepti Sharma. At a rather young age, her remarkable accomplishments make us proud. pic.twitter.com/TC9yMZ03BO? Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) July 27, 2017He said India?s daughters have made the nation proud in many international sporting events and that the society is benefiting from the progress that women are making in various fields.\r\nA new study has found the rule that patients must complete the course of their prescribed antibiotics is false instead they should stop taking the drugs when they feel better. The study disproves traditional practice of completing courses, which claims that taking too few tablets allows the disease-causing bacteria to mutate and become resistant to the drug.\r\nTelling patients to stop taking antibiotics when they feel better may be preferable to instructing them to finish the course, according to a group of experts who argue that the rule long embedded in the minds of doctors and the public is wrong and should be overturned.Patients have traditionally been told that they must complete courses of antibiotics, the theory being that taking too few tablets will allow the bacteria causing their disease to mutate and become resistant to the drug.But Martin Llewelyn, a professor in infectious diseases at Brighton and Sussex medical school, and colleagues claim that this is not the case. In an analysis in the British Medical Journal, the experts say ?the idea that stopping antibiotic treatment early encourages antibiotic resistance is not supported by evidence, while taking antibiotics for longer than necessary increases the risk of resistance?.There are some diseases where the bug can become resistant if the drugs are not taken for long enough. The most obvious example is tuberculosis, they say. But most of the bacteria that cause people to become ill are found on everybody?s hands in the community, causing no harm, such as E coli and Staphylococcus aureus. People fall ill only when the bug gets into the bloodstream or the gut. The longer such bacteria are exposed to antibiotics, the more likely it is that resistance will develop.The experts say there has been too little research into the ideal length of a course of antibiotics, which also varies from one individual to the next, depending in part on what antibiotics they have taken in the past.In hospital, patients can be tested to work out when to stop the drugs. ?Outside hospital, where repeated testing may not be feasible, patients might be best advised to stop treatment when they feel better,? they say. That, they add, is in direct contravention of World Health Organisation advice.Other experts in infectious diseases backed the group. ?I have always thought it to be illogical to say that stopping antibiotic treatment early promotes the emergence of drug-resistant organisms,? said Peter Openshaw, president of the British Society for Immunology. ?This brief but authoritative review supports the idea that antibiotics may be used more sparingly, pointing out that the evidence for a long duration of therapy is, at best, tenuous. Far from being irresponsible, shortening the duration of a course of antibiotics might make antibiotic resistance less likely.?Alison Holmes, a professor of infectious diseases at Imperial College London, said a great British authority, Prof Harold Lambert, had made the same point in a Lancet article entitled ?Don?t keep taking the tablets? as early as 1999. ?It remains astonishing that apart from some specific infections and conditions, we still do not know more about the optimum duration of courses or indeed doses in many conditions, yet this dogma has been pervasive and persistent.?Jodi Lindsay, a professor of microbial pathogenesis at St George?s, University of London, said it was sensible advice. ?The evidence for ?completing the course? is poor, and the length of the course of antibiotics has been estimated based on a fear of under-treating rather than any studies,? she said. ?The evidence for shorter courses of antibiotics being equal to longer courses, in terms of cure or outcome, is generally good, although more studies would help and there are a few exceptions when longer courses are better ? for example, TB.?But the Royal College of GPs expressed concerns. ?Recommended courses of antibiotics are not random,? said its chair, Prof Helen Stokes-Lampard. ?They are tailored to individual conditions and in many cases, courses are quite short ? for urinary tract infections, for example, three days is often enough to cure the infection. ?We are concerned about the concept of patients stopping taking their medication midway through a course once they ?feel better?, because improvement in symptoms does not necessarily mean the infection has been completely eradicated. It?s important that patients have clear messages and the mantra to always take the full course of antibiotics is well known. Changing this will simply confuse people.?England?s chief medical officer, Prof Dame Sally Davies, said: ?The message to the public remains the same: people should always follow the advice of healthcare professionals. To update policies, we need further research to inform them.?[The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence] is currently developing guidance for managing common infections, which will look at all available evidence on appropriate prescribing of antibiotics.?The Department of Health will continue to review the evidence on prescribing and drug-resistant infections, as we aim to continue the great progress we have made at home and abroad on this issue.?\r\nUnion Minister Jitendra Singh on Saturday said the tricolour flag is sacrosanct and will fly as high in J&K as any other state in the country. This was in reference to J&K CM Mehbooba Mufti's earlier comment that nobody in the state will hold the tricolour if there was any change to Article 35(A). \r\nJammu, Jul 29 (PTI) Union minister Jitendra Singh today said the tricolour is "sacrosanct" and termed as "shocking and ridiculous" Chief Minister Mehbooba Muftis remarks that no one in Jammu and Kashmir would be there to hold the flag if their special rights are tinkered with. Mehbooba Mufti yesterday said at a function in New Delhi "Who is doing it? Why are they doing it? (challenging Article 35-A). Let me tell you that my party and other parties who carry the national flag there (in Jammu and Kashmir) despite all risks.... I have no doubt in saying that there will be no one to hold it (national flag) (if it is tinkered)." \r\nTelevision actress Narayani Shastri has said that if audiences saw Sridevi's 'Nagina' several times when it released, then what is the problem with such shows on television. She added, "People who find the naagin concept regressive, ask them if they watch international shows on vampires." However, Narayani further said that the quality of such Indian shows can be improved.nn\r\nWith TV shows focusing on naagins, men having two wives and actors turning into flies and other animals, many feel that TV has now  become regressive. However, actor Narayani Shastri, who will be playing the role of a mother in Rishton Ka Chakravyuh has a different opinion. According to the actor, the small screen is progressive in many ways.?Indian television shows women in a  strong light. A woman working as a CEO in an organisation in the show doesn?t mean progression. For me, along with it, TV also throws light on women wearing saris and salwar kameez, managing personal and professional lives, and doing everything that is otherwise is considered a man?s domain. That justifies progression,? says Narayani, adding that her role in her next is also of a strong fiercely independent woman, who is both manipulative and opportunistic, who yet gives utmost importance to her family.     With the beautiful Mahima/ Anami? rishton ka Chakravuy promotions ?? A post shared by Narayani Shastri (@narayanishastri) on Jul 20, 2017 at 2:18am PDTTalking more about the hullabaloo around fantasy fiction shows on small screen, Narayani adds, ?People who find the naagin concept regressive,  ask them if they watch international shows on vampires. We all know  that audience there loves supernatural and sci-fi shows and how a lot of us here enjoy watching them. In India, we have grown up reading Chacha Chaudhary, Tinkle etc and we have also heard stories about shapeshifters and naagins. They are to us what Batman, Superman and Deadpool are to them.?The actor says that if people  enjoy watching these super heroes then why can?t  they accept their own heroes? ?I remember when Sridevi?s Nagina (1986) released people saw it several times. So what is the problem with TV showing such shows? Also, we can?t forget that India has both urban and rural areas and TV caters to both of them. I am proud of my culture and I believe we all should be,? she points out. But, Narayani feels that the visual treatment of the show can be improved. ?But for sure, the quality of such shows can be made better treatment wise. The improvement would add to its popularity,? says the actor.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActor Rana Daggubati, while speaking about Hyderabad drug racket case, has said he isn't bothered about actors taking drugs as they're adults, but he's worried about school children taking drugs. "When youngsters who don't have a mind of their own are doing drugs, it scares me," he added. Rana further said it's something that needs to be taken more seriously.\r\nIn wake of a major drug bust earlier this month in Hyderabad, actor Rana Daggubati said it worries him and its really dangerous to know that school children have been involved in this racket. The Telangana Prohibition and Excise Department had seized 700 dots of LSD worth Rs 20 lakh and 35gm of MDMA -- commonly known as Ecstasy -- worth Rs 1.4 lakh from three peddlers. The month-long investigation brought to light the drug trade in Hyderabad, which involves not only Tollywood stars and MNC professionals, but also school students from reputed institutions.Commenting on the drug bust scenario, Rana said, ?Honestly, the whole thing has been blown out of proportion. If a filmmaker or an actor takes drugs, it really doesn?t bother me. They are adults and it?s their lives and they can do whatever they want. I don?t give a damn if you take drugs.?What worries Rana is that children are taking drugs. ?The dangerous story about school kids doing drugs worries me. That?s something that needs to be taken more seriously and addressed immediately. When youngsters who don?t have a mind of their own are doing drugs, it scares me,? he said.?Who is supplying drugs to these kids? Are these people immigrants? How are they bringing drugs into the country,? Rana asked.On the career front, Rana awaits the release of Telugu-Tamil political drama Nene Raju, Nene Mantri.\r\nActor Tiger Shroff has said he's an overprotective brother and is the kind of person who wants to wrap his sister in a blanket. He added, "I know that after saying this, people will...say, 'Oh, he's a sexist,' and I'll be called all sorts of names. But I don't care." Tiger's sister Krishna Shroff is three years younger to him.\r\nUsually soft-spoken, actor Tiger Shroff says that he is ?over-protective? beyond imagination when it comes to his sister Krishna Shroff. ?If you ask me, obviously I?m the kind of guy who just wants to wrap his sister in a blanket, because I am an over-protective brother,? says Tiger. ?I know that after saying this, people will react and say, ?Oh, he?s a sexist,? and I?ll be called all sorts of names. But I don?t care, because people like to perceive things in their own way.? Tiger recently faced flak for calling his female co-stars ?padding?, but he later clarified that the word was used for anything outside his own zone in a film project, and that he wasn?t referring to the female leads specifically.Given how protective he is, we ask why Tiger didn?t fire at those who trolled Krishna for posting her ?topless? photos on Instagram ? the photos, in fact, only showed her bare back ? even though his father, actor Jackie Shroff, was vocal about the matter.    #Repost @divina_rikhye_photography with @repostapp. ??? With @kishushroff ? #natural #photography #portraitseries A post shared by Krishna Shroff (@kishushroff) on Aug 20, 2015 at 6:22am PDT Tiger says, ?I didn?t take a stand because I don?t see anything wrong with what my sister posted? it wasn?t in your face. A lot of people out there get [all sorts of] photo shoots done and post their pictures, so it?s her wish, whether she wanted to or not. Everybody has that freedom of [expression] and? you can?t always expect positive [reactions] from others.?The actor, whose films include Heropanti (2014), Baaghi, A Flying Jatt (2016) and the recent release Munna Michael, calls his sister his ?biggest and most honest critic?.    #Repost @divina_rikhye_photography with @repostapp. ??? With @kishushroff ? #natural #photography #portraitseries A post shared by Krishna Shroff (@kishushroff) on Aug 20, 2015 at 6:22am PDT Stating that his father rarely gives him feedback on his performance, Tiger adds, ?The maximum inputs come from Krishna. She has studied filmmaking, so she?s very intellectual in that sense. The best piece of advice she gave me was, ?Don?t overdo it, and just be in the character. Don?t do too much, don?t do too little.? Thankfully, after Munna Michael, she didn?t have much to say, because she was there on the sets all the time.? That?s because Krishna was assisting on the film.?She was like my second director,? says Tiger. ?Every time I was unsure about a particular scene, she?d always be there to support and guide me, because she could see how it looked on the monitor screen. She?d tell me things like how Nawazji [Nawazuddin Siddiqui] was reacting, what was happening in the background, what I shouldn?t do in empty spaces, and how I could improvise.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActress Shamita Shetty has said that she doesn't mind getting married even at the age of 40 or 50. "I'm not going to sit and stress over it or plan things out," added the 38-year-old actress. "I don?t believe in falling in love today, getting married and if it doesn't work, you go your own way," Shamita further said.nn\r\nActor Shamita Shetty is 38 and clearly is in no rush to get married. Even when her sister, actor Shilpa Shetty, 42, is already a mother to a five-year-old son, Shamita says that she is taking it easy waiting for the ?right man? to come in her life.Ask her if she ever gets pressured by her mother, Shamita says, ?I won?t call it pressure. Every parent wants to see their child settle down. And initially, after I lost my dad, mom would be worried and all the focus comes on the other child, naturally. But I don?t really stress about it that much.?What does Shilpa have to say about this? Shamita quips, ?She is not concerned anymore now. She?s kind of understood that I need to find my own way, so she doesn?t pester me. [Also] When these things have to happen, they just happen. My doors are very much open, but honestly, I haven?t found anyone that I can spend the rest of my life with.?    Family brunch time ???? #familyiseverthing #love #happiness #familytime #brunching ?? A post shared by Shamita Shetty (@shamitashetty_official) on Jul 23, 2017 at 3:08am PDT Shamita asserts that she has stayed single for so long because she isn?t really happy with the kind of things she sees around in society today. ?It?s scary what you see out there. People are in marriages and still doing their own things on the side. They don?t respect their partners enough and don?t hold onto relationships the way it was in the past,? she says.I don?t believe in falling in love today, getting married and if it doesn?t work, you go your own way. It?s not about that for me.The actor adds that marriage is sacred for her. ?I don?t believe in falling in love today, getting married and if it doesn?t work, you go your own way. It?s not about that for me. I want a companion whom I am going to be happy with. And I don?t mind if the person comes in my life at a later stage, even when I am 40 or 50. I?m not going to sit and stress over it or plan things out,? says Shamita adding that she won?t prefer an actor as her life partner.So who?s the ideal guy for Shamita that she would want to spend her life with?  ?He has to be someone who can make me laugh and has a drive and passion for whatever he does in his life. I can?t handle dishonesty; I like integrity in people and for me, that?s very important in a man,? says Shamita, adding that anyone who matches these criteria, she would want to know him better.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nTelevision actress Divyanka Tripathi has said if people think TV actors cannot endorse a popular brand, she would consider it backward thinking. "We've become a brand in ourselves, beyond our shows. My fans look up to me," she added. Divyanka further said the number of followers TV actors have on social media isn't any less than that of film actors.\r\nTelevision in India is now nearly as big as Bollywood ? top TV stars are often paid more and have a bigger social media following than film actors with middling fame. Major TV stars are also getting substantial role in films. But for all that, lucrative brand endorsements still elude them.Commenting on this, actor Arjun Bijlani (Left Right Left; Naagin) told us in a recent interview, ?As a medium we [TV actors] cater to a larger audience. So, I really don?t understand why we can?t be the face of a Coke or Pepsi ad, like film and sports stars. At the end of the day, what matters is whether the product sells. I think some brands have too much money to spend, and they believe only movie and sports stars are worth that amount. I am hoping that the perspective would change.?Divyanka Tripathi Dahiya (Ye Hai Mohabbatein) agrees with this, and talks of the TV stars? own brand value. ?We?ve become a brand in ourselves, beyond our shows,? she states. ?My fans look up to me. Thanks to social media, we?re now easily reachable. The number of followers we have isn?t any less than [that of] film actors. Those who think we can?t promote a popular brand? I?d consider it backward thinking.?Here?s a look at what numbers say about star status: TV actor Jennifer Winget gets Rs 1 lakh per episode for her show Beyhadh, where Bollywood actor Amyra Dastur earned approximately Rs 24 lakh for her last film, Kung Fu Yoga. Yet, Amyra endorses Pepsi, while Jennifer has big brands in her kitty.Interestingly, Divyanka, fellow TV actor Rashami Desai (Uttaran), and filmmaker Sidharth P. Malhotra (producer of shows such as Zindagi Wins and Ichchapyaari Naagin) say that TV actors do get offers from a few popular brands, but only for digital, banners, and print ads, and not TV commercials.For the past three years, Divyanka has been turning down offers from a Pantene and Surf Excel, as she has very little spare time. Rashami says that she gets offers to promote brands, but only via social media. ?In big cities, you see big banner ads with popular film actors and sport stars; TV actors replace them in small towns,? says Malhotra, who is directing the Rani Mukerji-starrer Hichki.Model-VJ-actor Keith Sequeira, who was part of Raymond?s The Complete Man campaign, says that there is a clear demarcation between Bollywood and television actors when leading brands look for a face to market their product. ?Brands prefer a model over a TV actor because they want freshness. TV has its separate audience and is part of a daily affair. So, TV actors are considered only for ads to do with dishwashing powder, hand wash etc, which are daily essentials,? he says.Trade Analyst Atul Mohan adds, ?Film actors are popular across India and overseas territories. But as far as TV is concerned, along with Hindi shows, there are regional TV shows, too. So actors who are popular in Hindi TV might not be that well-known in all the regions. That?s also a reason for not choosing them as brand ambassadors.?Ad filmmaker Prahlad Kakkar feels that having TV actors in everyone?s drawing room every day makes them less exclusive. He says, ?You watch a film of a certain actor after a gap, unlike TV. Also sports personalities have a wider reach. When you see TV actors every day, what?s the point of seeing them in ads, too? Where is the exclusivity??However, ad filmmaker Pinaki Bose finds the whole debate subjective. According to him, ad filmmakers don?t go by who is a film actor or a TV personality. He says, ?We?re more concerned about who is apt for the product and the brand?s aspirational value. Which is why, for a a Manyavar ad, we chose [television] actor Satish Sharma. Another thing that?s considered is an actor?s or sport personality?s recall value ? if someone is asked to name top five actors, in all probability she/he will start with Bollywood actors.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nOver 12 lakh businesses have applied for fresh registration under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia said. According to reports, 10 lakh applications have been approved, while 2 lakh are pending approval. Notably, businesses have time till July 30 to register under the GST. \r\nNew Delhi, Jul 29 (PTI) Over 12 lakh businesses have applied for fresh registration under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia has said. Of these, while 10 lakh applications for registration have been approved, 2 lakh are still pending approval. "The figure of new registrations approved in GST crosses 10 lakhs today. About 2 lakh applications pending in process," Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia tweeted. Businesses have time till July 30 to register under the GST. \r\nOver 45,000 tent vendors from the Rajasthan Tent Dealers Kiraya Vyavsai Samiti have reportedly refused to supply to weddings without verifying the birth certificates of the bride and groom, to protest the custom of child marriage. Further, the association will inform the nearest police station in case there is any discrepancy in the birth certificates. \r\nWith an aim to help terminate the extensively prevalent issue of child marriage in the country, over 45,000 tent vendors from the state of Rajasthan have decided to turn their backs towards those who facilitate the social evil.The vendors, who come under the umbrella of the Rajasthan Tent Dealers Kiraya Vyavsai Samiti, have taken it upon themselves to closely verify and scrutinise the birth documents of the bride and groom, each time they're approached for wedding supplies.Also Read: Shocking video: 6-year-old girls married off in RajasthanBut their role doesn't just end there. If there is a discrepancy in the birth certificates and they feel a child marriage is what is being planned, the association has also taken the responsibility of informing the nearest police station. "If anyone comes to book us to supply the tent and do other decorations, we will ask for the birth certificate of the boy and girl to ensure it is not a child marriage. In case a person or group of persons gives us wrong information, we will immediately inform the police and other government officials for the required intervention," Ravi Jindal, the president of the group Rajasthan Tent Dealers Kiraya Vyavsai Samiti told The Times of India.As horrific as the act of child marriage itself is, its prominence in some Indian states--Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka in particular--is what makes the situation all the more alarming. The Logical Indian reports, "India ranks sixth in the world in the number of child marriages that happen every year. According to the Census report of 2011, nearly 17 million Indian children between the ages of 10 and 19 are married. Of this number, 76%, or 12.7 million, are minor girls."Also Read: Child marriages in India: Explained in numbersThe Prohibition of Child Marriage Act, 2006, clearly states that "if a male has not completed 21 years of age, and if a female has not completed 18 years of age" then the marriage between the two is illegal and punishable by law.But when has the law ever deterred criminals from committing crimes, anyway?With its roots deeply-entrenched in the socio-cultural fabric of the nation, the implications of child marriage are as horrific as it gets--something that was reiterated through a recent incident in Chittorgarh, India. After a video showing a mass-wedding ceremony involving several little girls and boys who were crying and being forced to tie the knot, surfaced on the internet, the issue gained momentum and caused a major uproar across several social media platforms. Watch: 3 arrested in Chittorgarh child marriage\r\nThe husband of former Doordarshan anchor Kanchan met CM Devendra Fadnavis, alleging that inaction by the BMC led to his wife's death after a tree fell on her. Fadnavis assured him that action has been initiated against the garden department of BMC. The BMC had reportedly earlier decided to prune the tree after an inspection, instead of cutting it down. \r\nChief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Friday told Rajat Nath, the husband of former Doordarshan anchor Kanchan who was killed last week after a tree fell on her in Chembur, that action has been initiated against the garden department of the Mumbai civic body.Fadnavis said he will look into the matter to ensure compensation for the family. Accompanied by BJP leader Shaina NC, Nath met Fadnavis on Friday. He alleged inaction by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) had led to Kanchan?s death and demanded a case be lodged against those responsible. Nath complained that in February this year, the owner of the plot had approached the BMC to cut the tree. The civic body inspected it and decided on pruning some of the branches of the dead tree instead of cutting it. The owner had even paid for the pruning, he said. READ:?Husband demands FIR against BMC officialsIf the BMC had paid heed to the application and cut the dead tree, the incident would not have occurred. Fadnavis assured Nath and his family members, who accompanied him, that action has been initiated against the garden department of BMC. Kanchan, a former television news reader with Doordarshan, was on her way home from her yoga classes last Thursday when the tree fell on her, injuring her neck, at Kurla Road near Swastik Park at Chembur East. Nath was rushed to the hospital by vendors who were around at the time of the incident. She died three days later .Falling trees in the monsoon is one of the biggest hazards in the city. Experts have blamed the haphazard way in which authorities pruned trees and the concretisation around the roots, which make the trees weak, as the main causes of these falls. The BMC, in its pre-monsoon activity, had undertaken an exercise to prune 60,000 trees across the city.\r\nDelhi police today arrested a 34-year-old man who was accused of beating former international powerlifter Anil Sharma in Delhi last week. The accused, identified as Ashwini Naath alias Aashu, told the police that he and the other accused had a heated argument with Sharma after which they attacked him. He confessed that he was unaware of intensity of Sharma's injuries.\r\nA day after former international powerlifter Anil Sharma was attacked by a group of men, Delhi Police arrested the main accused and have also identified his other accomplices. The main accused has been identified as Ashu, who has a criminal background. He was arrested from his friend's house and has confessed his involvement in the crime. He told police that last Friday, Sharma called him him and asked him to meet. According to police, after Sharma along with his two friends returned from a hotel, they went to Paharganj area near Ashu's residence where Ashu reached with his friends. When Ashu met him, an argument took place that soon became heated followed by a scuffle. SHARMA FIGHTING FOR LIFESharma is battling for his life at BL Kapoor Hospital where doctors have removed one of his kidneys, pancreas and some parts of the intestine as they were completely damaged during the attack. The attackers smashed him with bricks and rods. Meanwhile, Ashu claimed it was an unplanned attack that occurred due to sudden provocation. He admitted he was unaware about the intensity of the injuries, police said quoting his confessional statement. The police team has identified the remaining accused and raids are on to nab them.\r\nJammu & Kashmir CM Mehbooba Mufti on Friday said no one will hold the tricolour if Kashmiri citizens' privileges are altered. "Let me be very clear. By doing this (challenging Article 35-A), you are not targeting the separatists," Mufti said. "Their (separatists') agenda is different and totally secessionist but you are weakening those powers which trust India," she added.\r\nJammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba Mufti warned on Friday that any tinkering with the special rights and privileges of the people of the state will leave no one there to hold the tricolor.The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chief?s remarks came in the context of the issue of Article 35(A) of the Constitution ? that empowers the state legislature to define ?permanent residents? and accord special rights and privileges to them -- being debated in the Supreme Court. ?On one hand, we talk about resolving the Kashmir issue under the framework of the Constitution and on the other we flog it,? she said at an event in Delhi.Mufti, who heads a PDP-BJP coalition in J&K, said mainstream parties such as the National Conference and her own party risk the lives of their workers who stand up and carry the national flag in Kashmir.?Let me be very clear. By doing this (challenging Article 35(A), you are not targeting the separatists. Their agenda is different and totally secessionist but you are weakening those powers which trust India and participate in elections and fight to live an honourable life in Jammu and Kashmir,? she said.?Who is doing it? Why are they challenging the Article 35(A)? I have no doubt in saying that there will be no one to hold national flag if it is tinkered with,? the CM said.?The basic question is how much is the idea of India ready to accommodate the idea of Kashmir? This is the basic crux.?\r\nIndian Air Force officers violated regulations by claiming allowances after visiting foreign countries, causing a loss of more than ?82 lakh,  the Comptroller and Auditor General reported. Military officers can claim leave travel concessions (LTC) only for visits within India when they are on leave, but 49 officers availed LTC while visiting foreign countries between 2010 and 2015, it added. \r\nDozens of Indian Air Force (IAF) officers violated defence travel regulations by claiming allowances after visiting foreign countries, causing a loss of more than Rs 82 lakh to the exchequer, the Comptroller and Auditor General has found.Under the regulations, military officers can claim leave travel concessions (LTC) only for visits within India when they are on leave.?We examined records pertaining to the period 2010-15 and found that in 49 cases, IAF officers availed of LTC while visiting a foreign country,? read the CAG report tabled in Parliament on Friday.The national auditor said it reflected the ?systemic failure of internal control? in the IAF.The CAG report said the leave travel claims of the officers were entertained despite the journey from origin to a foreign country not even touching any Indian station.?Admitting such LTC claims and payments amounting to Rs 82.58 lakh was not only irregular but also in gross violation of the government policy on LTC,? the report said.Several CAG reports have highlighted the abuse of LTC provisions by government servants.The report said IAF officers obtained permission from the competent authorities to go on leave to foreign countries with the condition that expenditure would be borne by the officers themselves.?Subsequently, the officers were applying for all-India LTC under travel regulations for the period of sanctioned leave,? the report said.The bills of these officers were cleared though not admissible under travel regulations, it noted.In its reply to the audit findings, the defence ministry said in January 2017 that an internal inquiry into the matter found there was ambiguity in the interpretation of the rules ? the CAG did not find the reply convincing. The ministry also said full recoveries would be made from the officers concerned along with penal interest.\r\nSamajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said that those who used to talk about DNA have now joined the NDA (National Democratic Alliance). The remarks were in reference to PM Narendra Modi allegedly questioning the DNA of Bihar CM Nitish Kumar in 2015. However, Modi had later clarified that he was instead talking about the "DNA of democracy". \r\nSamajwadi Party leader Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday mocked Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar switching alligience to the BJP, reminding the JD (U) leader about a war of words over his DNA with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.Yadav?s taunt came a few days after Kumar dumped his allies, RJD and Congress, to renew his old friendship with the BJP and formed a new JD(U)-led NDA government.?DNA ki baat karne waale aaj NDA mein chale gaye (the one who spoke about DNA, has joined the NDA),? Yadav told ANI in Lucknow.The former Uttar Pradesh chief minister was apparently referring to Modi questioning Kumar?s DNA in an 2015 attack on the JD(U) leader?s frequent change of political allegiences. Modi?s barb came soon after Kumar led the so-called grand alliance to victory over the BJP in the Bihar assembly polls.Though Modi later said he was referring to ?DNA of democracy?, an angry Kumar had said the comment was an insult to the state and ?also gives credence to the feeling that perhaps you and your party hold a prejudice against the people of Bihar?.Earlier on Thursday, Yadav had referred to a popular Bollywood song to take on Nitish.?Na-na karte pyar tumhi se kar baithe, karna tha inkar magar ikrar tumhi se kar baithe. Bihar today,? Akhilesh said in a tweet.The song from the 1965 Bollywood film Jab Jab Phool Khile, loosely refers to someone saying yes after repeatedly rebuffing overtures professing love.The Yadav-led SP was ousted from power by the BJP early this year in a bitterly-contested assembly elections.With three members of the legislative council (MLCs) ? the upper house of the state assembly ? quitting on Saturday, Yadav accused the BJP of ?indulging in political corruption from Bihar to UP?.?People are watching everything,? he added.\r\nA car reportedly rammed into 3 men working on a flyover on Mumbai's Western Express Highway on Friday afternoon, killing two and injuring one. The driver and a passenger survived the crash and fled from the scene. The driver was later arrested from his house and booked under IPC sections 304 (A) (causing death by negligence) and 279 (rash driving). \r\nMumbai, Jul 27 (PTI) Two persons died and another was injured after being hit by a car on a flyover on Western Express Highway in the city today, police said. The vehicle then crashed 20 feet down, but its driver and a passenger survived the crash. The incident took place at around 3.30 pm. Ahtashyam Kapadiya, driver of the car who was heading for Kherwadi with a friend, lost control and it rammed into workers who were doing a welding job by the side of the flyover, said a senior police officer. One of the workers, Sandeep Daudke (26), died on the spot, while Lala Banshi (28) died in hospital. Another person was injured and admitted in a nearby hospital. \r\nA 14-year-old girl was raped twice in one night in UK's Birmingham by different attackers, according to reports. The young victim was first raped at a railway station and was later sexually assaulted in a car. Police have arrested two suspects in relation to the first rape incident and have launched an investigation into the second attack.\r\nDetectives investigating two separate rapes of a 14-year-old girl in Birmingham have arrested two men.The pair, aged 35 and 27, were arrested on Saturday morning on suspicion of carrying out the first rape of the girl, on Tuesday evening, following the release of CCTV images of two suspects.Officers continue to appeal for information in connection with the second rape in the early hours of Wednesday. The victim had sought help after the first rape at Witton station when she was attacked by a man in a car. DCI Tony Fitzpatrick of British Transport Police said: ?There have been significant developments after we released CCTV images of two men we would like to speak with. I?d like to thank the public and the media for the overwhelming support in sharing this appeal.?Both these arrests relate to the first incident at Witton station on Tuesday evening this week. Our investigation into the second incident in the vehicle continues at a pace. The young victim was raped for a second time in a vehicle close to Witton station at approximately 2am.?I am still looking to hear from anyone who lives locally to Witton and saw a young girl walking by herself during the early hours of Wednesday morning. If you saw any vehicle or any person acting suspiciously then please get in touch as soon as possible.? The man suspected of carrying out the second rape is described as thick set, about 5ft 6in, with large biceps.\r\nTesla Co-founder and CEO Elon Musk described the task of meeting his set goals for the production of Model 3 cars as a "manufacturing hell." The reservations for the car exceed 5 lakh according to Tesla Chief Executive Officer. This comes after the launch of Tesla's Model 3 on Friday, which has a range of 354 km on one charge.\r\nTesla boss Elon Musk has handed over the first of what he hopes will be a mass-market electric car to employee buyers, setting the stage for the biggest test yet of the company?s plans to revolutionise the auto industry.  Outside Tesla?s factory in Fremont, California on Friday night, Musk showed off the $35,000 Model 3 which has a range of 220 miles (350 km) on a charge that marks a departure from the company?s earlier luxury electric cars. Hours before the event, Musk acknowledged it would be ?quite a challenge? to build the car during the early days of production. ?We?re going to go through at least six months of manufacturing hell,? Musk told journalists. The over half a million reservations are up from about 373,000 disclosed in April 2016. Customers pay $1,000 refundable deposits for the car, which is eligible for tax credits. Any new buyers would likely not receive their car until the end of 2018, Musk said. A longer-range version of the car is priced at $44,000 and will drive 310 miles (500 km) on a single charge. The cars feature a streamlined dashboard devoid of buttons or knobs, with a touchstream display to the right of the driver.Tesla faces major hurdles living up to the Model 3 hype. The 500,000 vehicles Tesla vows to produce next year are nearly six times its 2016 production. Were Tesla to produce, and sell 500,000 cars per year, the company would likely outsell the BMW, Mercedes, or Lexus brands in the United States. Production delays and quality issues marred the launches of Tesla?s Model S and Model X vehicles, and the company blamed production problems for a shortfall during the second quarter of this year. Musk has said a simpler Model 3 design will greatly reduce potential assembly-line problems. Tesla has burned through more than $2bn in cash so far this year ahead of the launch. A troubled Model 3 launch could heighten the risks for the company, while a steady delivery of Model 3s could generate a stream of cash that would allow Tesla to avoid going again to the capital markets to fund its operations. Tesla?s share price has surged 54% since January in anticipation of the Model 3 launch, and Tesla?s pricey valuation now exceeds that of traditional rivals like General Motors and Ford . Until now, Tesla has operated as a niche producer of luxury electric vehicles, with a charismatic, showman chief executive who regularly interacts with fans on his Twitter account. Now loss-making Tesla is trying to move into a different league, building vehicles in high volume for customers able to pay only a few thousand dollars more than the average price of a conventional car or truck sold in the US. The Model 3 is part of Musk?s broader plan to build a clean energy and transportation company that offers electric semi trucks, rooftop solar energy systems and large-scale battery storage systems.\r\nA 36-year-old woman and her teenage daughter fell ill after they accidentally cooked and ate a baby snake along with cabbage in Indore, Madhya Pradesh. "A snake?s poison becomes dangerous when it mixes in blood and gets circulated. We will monitor the condition of both the patients for the next couple of days," a doctor treating the mother-daughter duo said.\r\nA 36-year-old woman and her teenage daughter fell ill after they accidentally cooked and ate a baby snake along with cabbage in Indore.Afzaan Imam and her daughter Aamna (15) said soon after consuming the vegetable on Thursday night, they felt queasy and started vomiting. ?I had cooked cabbage for dinner. After consuming some, I suddenly bit into something bitter and immediately felt unwell. My daughter also felt the same. When I checked the cabbage, I found a piece of snake inside,? Afzaan said.They were rushed to the MY hospital by family members where their situation is said to be stable now, according to doctors. ?They just vomited a lot after being admitted,? an attending doctor said.?A snake?s poison becomes dangerous when it mixes in blood and gets circulated. We will monitor the condition of both the patients for the next couple of days,? Dr Dharmendra Jhanwar of the medicine department at the hospital said.He said Afzaan and Aamna are being subjected to various check-ups to ascertain if the consumption of the reptile has caused any damage to their body tissues.(With agency inputs)\r\nIndian sprinter Dutee Chand has received an invitation from the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) to participate in August's World Championships' 100m dash event as the target number of 56 athletes was not reached. Initially, Dutee was not able to qualify for the Championships, but later got a call following her season best of 11.30 seconds.\r\nIndian sprinter Dutee Chand, who narrowly missed achieving the women?s 100m qualification mark for the World Athletics Championships in London, has got a fresh chance to run in the August 4-13 event.The diminutive sprinter from Orissa, who missed the target of 11.26 seconds, has received an invitation from the International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) thanks to her season?s best of 11.30 seconds.Of the five 100m finals she raced till July 9, her best came at the third leg of the Indian Grand Prix held at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on May 15.READ | Sudha Singh targets CWG, Asian Games after IAAF World Championships snubShort of entriesWith the qualification period having ended, the IAAF invited Chand as the target number of 56 athletes for 100m at London was not reached. Chand?s 11.30 seconds in the qualifying period gives her a global ranking of 100.?On the basis of her global ranking, Dutee has been considered for the London competition. As per the provision of the IAAF, the athlete is required to send her decision within 12 hours of receiving the invitation. On refusal, the next eligible athlete will be identified to establish the target number of athletes,? said an official of the Athletics Federation of India.Chand?s coach N Ramesh said he wasn?t aware of the invitation. ?Officially, we haven?t got any information. But Dutee has British visa. In case there is an invitation, we will discuss and take a call,? he told Hindustan Times.READ | IAAF World Championships: Kerala HC seeks explanation on PU Chitra?s exclusionTaking a breakAfter participating in the Asian Athletics Championships at Bhubaneswar earlier this month, where she claimed bronze clocking 11. 52 secs, Dutee took a break from competition.She also missed the Inter-State Athletics Championships held at Guntur from July 15-18.Chand?s athletic future is in doubt due to hyperandrogenism. The sprinter successfully had a ban overturned in the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) in 2015, which led to the suspension of the world body?s hyperadrogenism regulations.The IAAF announced this month it would appeal that decision in CAS after a fresh study sponsored by it showed athletes with this condition ? characterised by excessive male hormone testosterone in the body ? gained advantage over other women athletes with normal testosterone levels.\r\nIndia captain Virat Kohli has said he is not affected by people's opinions on his lack of form. "I think people start counting the number of innings when a batsman doesn't score well...I wasn't looking at how many innings I haven't scored...when you are playing all formats you are not thinking which format you have not scored runs," said Kohli.\r\n\r\nAfter a JNU student's Facebook post alleging he was beaten up at a Delhi metro station by CISF personnel went viral, the organisation has ordered an enquiry into the matter. The student also mentioned the personnel made remarks like he would be "sent to Pakistan". The personnel got enraged when he 'defied' their instructions to take off earphones, he said.\r\nThe CISF has ordered an enquiry after a JNU student?s Facebook post alleging harassment went viral. Aman Sinha, 22, alleged that he was beaten up at Rajiv Chowk metro station by a few CISF personnel and told that he would be ?sent to Pakistan?, even as the paramilitary force rejected the charges and ordered a probe.Sinha, who is pursuing a master?s degree from the Jawaharlal Nehru University, alleged that the incident occurred on Thursday evening.The Facebook post said that the CISF personnel got enraged when Sinha, who was sporting a beard, ?defied? their instructions to take off his earphones, a laid down protocol that passengers are expected to follow.What ensued was a heated argument, according to Sinha. ?A CISF person came and said you are spoiling the name of the nation, ?Pakistan bhejenge tum mussalay ko aaj.?(You Muslim, we will banish you to Pakistan). They dragged me to the security office through the very long passage where there was no CCTV and no public.?They started abusing my mother and sister, thrashing and beating me very badly, saying that ?public k samne humara naam kharab kar diya?. I tried to record it which they later made me delete and threw away my phone,? Sinha wrote on Facebook.When contacted, the CISF said the student was only asked to write an apology letter for his behaviour with the security personnel, and was neither ?manhandled? nor ?thrashed?. ?He started yelling and arguing with constables Shoeb and PC Bisht who were on duty after he was asked to remove the earphones, which is a normal security drill in the Delhi Metro. He was unwilling and used abusive language after which he was taken to the metro control room,? a senior CISF officer said.Sinha was taken to the control room of the station where he tendered an apology in writing, the CISF officer said.As per CCTV records, the officer said, the entire episode lasted about 30 minutes and the student was then allowed to go.A few social media users expressed disapproval about Sinha not complying with the security check:To which Sinha replied:Several users expressed solidarity with Sinha. Sample some reactions:(With inputs from PTI)\r\nChina and Russia bear "unique and special responsibility" for the threat posed by North Korea, US State Secretary Rex Tillerson said on Saturday following the reclusive state's latest and second intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) test. Tillerson further described the test-launch, which was North Korea's 14th this year, as a blatant violation of multiple UN security council resolutions.n\r\nThe United States has accused China and Russia of bearing ?unique and special responsibility? for North Korea?s ?belligerent? pursuit of nuclear weapons, after Pyongyang tested its latest ballistic missile.North Korea conducted its second intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) test late on Friday in what it called a warning to the ?beast-like US imperialists?. It came less than a month after its first such experiment, on 4 July.The test-launch sent ?a grave warning to the US? that it ?would not go scot-free if it dares provoke? the North, Pyongyang?s official news agency, KCNA, said in a statement. ?If the Yankees brandish the nuclear stick on this land again despite our repeated warnings, we will clearly teach them manners,? KCNA warned.The news agency described Pyongyang?s weapons programs as a ?precious strategic asset that cannot be bartered for anything? and an indication of the country?s ?tremendous might?.The US secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, hit back on Saturday, describing North Korea?s launch as a ?blatant violation? of multiple UN security council resolutions.Tillerson also pointed the finger of blame at Beijing and Moscow. ?As the principal economic enablers of North Korea?s nuclear weapon and ballistic missile development program, China and Russia bear unique and special responsibility for this growing threat to regional and global stability,? he said in a statement. Tillerson?s comments are sure to anger Russia and China. Earlier this month Beijing rejected claims from US president Donald Trump that it had a responsibility to do more to rein in its ally. ?I think this either shows lack of a full, correct knowledge of the issue, or there are ulterior motives for it, trying to shift responsibility,? Geng Shuang, a foreign ministry spokesman, told reporters.On Saturday, China?s foreign ministry made no reference to Tillerson?s comments but called on Pyongyang ?to respect United Nations security council resolutions and stop all acts that could worsen tensions on the Korean peninsula?. China also ?urged all the relevant parties to act with caution? to prevent the situation from escalating, the ministry added, parroting previous language on the issue. Bonnie Glaser, the director of the China power project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) thinktank in Washington, said Kim Jong-un?s latest test ? of a missile some experts said had the capacity to reach New York ? would increase Chinese fears of a US strike against the North. ?I suspect that the Chinese are going to be worried about the possibility of a US military strike on North Korea going forward ? The Chinese can?t rule out the Trump ?unpredictability? factor,? she said.Last week the US?s top military officer told a security forum in Aspen, Colorado that conflict with North Korea was not ?unimaginable?. ?What?s unimaginable to me is allowing a capability that would allow a nuclear weapon to land in Denver, Colorado ? that?s unimaginable to me. And so my job will be to develop military options to make sure that doesn?t happen,? said Gen Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff.Glaser said it was hard to predict whether Trump?s White House was genuinely pondering such military options, which might include attempting to destroy a North Korean missile on the launch pad before it it was fired. But following Friday?s test, calls for a return to negotiations appeared increasingly unrealistic. ?Diplomacy seems very unlikely at present.?Jeffrey Lewis, a North Korea specialist at the Middlebury institute of international studies, said he believed a military strike against North Korea had become unthinkable in the light of the ICBM tests, which showed Pyongyang could hit targets on US soil by launching missiles from unexpected locations and at unexpected times. ?The North Koreans wanted to demonstrate that ... if there was a war they could definitely launch [missiles] in the dead of night from some place we don?t expect so we wouldn?t have a chance to fire at them before they got off the ground.??What I think this changes is that it forces the US to confront something that we have said for a long-time is unacceptable ? [that] they can target New York and LA and there is not much we can do about it.??The window for [military action] has closed. People are jumping up and down and screaming [in Washington] not because they are getting ready to attack but because they don?t really have that option any more and they accept that it has gone,? Lewis added. ?Attacking a nuclear-armed state is usually a bad idea - which is why countries build nuclear weapons. That is kind of the appeal.?\r\nBihar CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday expanded the Cabinet, inducting 27 new ministers which included 14 JD(U), 12 BJP and 1 LJP legislator. The oath-taking ceremony, held at Raj Bhawan in Patna, was attended by the CM along with Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan. This comes after Nitish split from the Grand Alliance and aligned with the BJP-led NDA.\r\nThe two-day-old Nitish Kumar cabinet was expanded on Saturday. Kumar, who won the floor test at the one-day special assembly session on Friday, inducts 27 ministers in his team. The swearing-in took place in Raj Bhawan.Kumar was sworn in on Thursday, a day after he dumped the Grand Alliance and joined hands with the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA). Senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi had also taken oath as deputy chief minister along with Kumar.Following the oath of 27 more ministers, 12 of the BJP, 1 of LJP and 14 of the JD(U), the strength of Nitish cabinet now reaches 29, with scope for six more.Khurshid Alam and Manju Verma were the lone Muslim and women representatives in the entire cabinet sworn in this time.Below are the live updates:6:25pm: 26 inducted into 2-day-old Nitish cabinet. BJP?s  Mangal Pandey could not take oath as he was not in Patna. Pandey, who is party?s in-charge in Himachal Pradesh was in Shimla. He is on way to Patna and likely to take oath later in day.6:15pm: JD(U)?s Kapil Dev Kamat, Dinesh Chandra Yadav and BJP?s Ramesh Rishidev take oath as ministers in Bihar government6:07pm: BJP?s Vinod Kumar Singh & Krishna Kumar Rishi and JD(U)?s Madan Sahni are inducted in Nitish?s cabinet.6:01pm: JD(U)?s Santosh Kumar Nirala, BJP?s Brij?Kishor and BJP?s Rana Randhir Singh sworn in as ministers. BJP?s 41-year-old Rana Randhir Singh is the youngest face in Nitish Kumar?s cabinet5:56pm: Khurshid Alam and Manju Verma were the lone Muslim and women representatives in the entire cabinet sworn in this time.5:49pm:  BJP?s Suresh Kumar Sharma , Vijay Kumar Sinha  and JD(U)?s Manju Verma takes oath.5:43pm: JD(U)?s Maheshwar Hazari, Shailesh Kumar, BJP?s Vinod Narayan Jha and Ramvilas Paswan?s younger brother Pashupati Paras (LJP) among those sworn into Nitish Kumar?s cabinet.5:36pm: JD(U)?s Jay Kumar Singh, Krishna Nandan Prasad Verma and BJP?s Pramod Kumar take oath as ministers.5:30pm: BJP?s Nand Kishore Yadav takes oath of office and secrecy. 5:28pm: Shrawan Kumar (JDU) and Ram Narayan Mandal (BJP) take oath as ministers in the government.Prem Kumar taking the oath.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(ANI Photo/Twitter)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t5:22pm: Bijendra Prasad Yadav, Prem Kumar and Rajiv Ranjan Singh take oath as ministers in Bihar government.5:20pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar gets new cabinet, 27 members of JD(U) and BJP take oath as ministers. BJP?gets 13  ministers, JD(U) gets 14.5pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan arrive for the oath-taking ceremony of Bihar Cabinet ministers at Raj BhawanKumar was sworn in on Thursday, a day after he dumped the Grand Alliance and joined hands with the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA). Senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi had also taken oath as deputy chief minister along with Kumar.\r\nA 59-year-old Chinese woman Zhu Najuan transformed her appearance through plastic surgery in order to avoid personal debts of over ?23 crore, according to reports. "She looked in her thirties and was different from the photos we had," police officers who arrested the woman said. Najuan financed her plastic surgery using borrowed bank cards, reports added.\r\nA 59-year old woman from the central Chinese city of Wuhan transformed her appearance through plastic surgery in order to avoid 25 million yuan ($3.71 million) of personal debts, state news agency Xinhua said. In a case highlighting the challenges facing China as it tries to establish a ?credit society?, police officers were reported to be ?astonished? after apprehending the woman, who fled to the southeastern Chinese city of Shenzhen after a court in Wuhan ordered her to pay off her debt.?We were very surprised at the scene,? the official Xinhua news agency quoted a policeman as saying. ?She looked in her thirties and was different from the photos we had.?The woman, identified as Zhu Najuan, also confessed to using other people?s identity cards to travel across the country by train. She financed her plastic surgery using borrowed bank cards, Xinhua said late on Friday.Representatives from more than 300 Chinese cities released a declaration earlier in July promising to make more credit available for consumer spending, part of the country?s efforts to find new sources of economic growth and reduce its dependence on heavy industry and state-driven infrastructure investment.But as the country strives to make more credit available to individuals, it is also facing a surge in household debt, which is estimated to have reached around 50 percent of gross domestic product last year, more than doubling in less than a decade. As regulators try to establish a reliable nationwide credit rating system, authorities across the country are also exploring new ways to crack down on those who do not pay debts.         According to state media, one court in Jiangsu province has drawn up a blacklist of defaulters. Anyone who telephones an individual on the blacklist will first be forced to listen to a pre-recorded message saying ?please urge this person to fulfil their legal obligations?.Xinhua said the city of Wuhan has also launched a series of crackdowns on debt defaulters, and detained a total of 186 people in the first half of the year.\r\nHollywood actor Mark Rylance has revealed that filmmaker Christopher Nolan doesn't like to have water bottles or chairs on a film's set. He added, "They're distractions - the noise of [the bottles], they're like toys almost, playing around with toys. [The lack of chairs, meanwhile] keeps you on your toes." Mark worked with Nolan in the recently released film 'Dunkirk'. nn\r\nChristopher Nolan is an intense director and wants everything to look realistic in his movies.Mark Rylance, one of the key members of Nolan?s latest WWII epic Dunkirk, while talking to The Independent, opened about the peculiar mode of work that Nolan adapts on the sets.The Oscar-winning actor, Rylance shared that Nolan is really particular about using film and make everything look realistic.Christopher Nolan with Kenneth Branagh on the sets of Dunkirk.He said, ?He?s very particular about using film and everything being real in front of the camera, so there were a lot of old techniques used in this film to make it look real. The flames on the water and men swimming in them; he really wants to minimise the amount of post-production and CGI stuff.?He also revealed that the ?Interstellar? helmer does not allow chairs and bottle of waters on the set because they are distractions.Christopher Nolan filming Dunkirk.Adding, ?They?re distractions - the noise of [the bottles], they?re like toys almost, playing around with toys. [The lack of chairs, meanwhile] keeps you on your toes, literally.?This is not the first time any actor has said such about Nolan.Ellen Page, Michael Caine and Leonardo DiCaprio with Nolan on the sets of Inception.At the time of Inception, Tom Hardy revealed in an interview that he [Nolan] does not have a phone or an e-mail id because he prefers talking about things face to face.Meanwhile, Dunkirk is having a great run at the Box-office and could run past 200 million USD worldwide in coming days.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nFollowing the demise of Linkin Park's vocalist Chester Bennington, his wife Talinda Bennington said she has lost her soulmate and their children have lost their hero. She added, "He was a bright, loving soul with an angel's voice. And now he's pain free, singing his songs in all of our hearts." Bennington was found dead in his residence last week.n\r\nThe wife of late Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington has said she?s feeling the love from the rocker?s fans but she?s also feeling the loss.Fans stick posters as they gather at Revolucion monument to pay tribute to Chester Bennington, Linkin Park frontman, following the singer's death by suicide, in Mexico City, Mexico, July 23.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Reuters)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tTalinda Bennington said in a statement she wants ?to let my community and the fans worldwide know that we feel your love. We feel your loss as well.?Chester Bennington hanged himself from a bedroom door in his home near Los Angeles last week. His death was ruled a suicide.Fans gather at Revolucion monument to pay tribute to Chester Bennington, Linkin Park frontman, following the singer's death by suicide, in Mexico City, Mexico, July 23.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Reuters)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?One week ago, I lost my soulmate and my children lost their hero ? their Daddy. We had a fairytale life and now it has turned into some sick Shakespearean tragedy. How do I move on? How do I pick up my shattered soul?? Talinda Bennington added. ?The only answer I know is to raise our babies with every ounce of love I have left.?Chester and Talinda Bennington had six children. Linkin Park rose to fame after releasing its debut album, Hybrid Theory, in 2000. It sold more than 10 million albums and was highlighted by Chester Bennington?s screeching signature vocals. The band went on to become one of music?s top-selling acts and won accolades that included Grammy Awards.Following his death, the band announced it would cancel its tour, which would have begun this week. Talinda Bennington said she knows his fans, family and friends will help keep (Chester?s) memory alive. ?He was a bright, loving soul with an angel?s voice. And now he is pain free, singing his songs in all of our hearts,? she continued. ?May God bless us all and help us turn to one another when we are in pain. Chester would?ve wanted us to do so. Rest In Peace, my love.?Bennington was found dead on what would have been the 53rd birthday of Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell, who hanged himself in May. The two were friends and Bennington was the godfather to Cornell?s 11-year-old son, Chris.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nFMCG major Hindustan Unilever has said GST hasn't impacted consumer off-take and expects price cuts undertaken by it to drive sales. "With us taking the lead in reducing the consumer price, it should give a fillip to consumer demand," CEO Sanjiv Mehta said. HUL had reduced prices of some products, extending tax benefits it got under GST to consumers.\r\nFMCG major Hindustan Unilever (HUL) today said the new tax regime of goods and services tax (GST) has not impacted the consumer offtake and expects the price cuts undertaken by it to drive sales.?I don?t think GST has impacted the consumer offtake. In fact, with us taking the lead in reducing the consumer price, it should give a fillip to consumer demand and consequently to the volume,? HUL Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Sanjiv Mehta said here. The company had reduced the prices of some of its detergents and soaps, extending the tax benefits it got under the GST regime to consumers.Mehta said most of the trade channels are returning to normalcy, barring a few wholesale traders in the central part of the country.?There are some channels like modern trade which have gone back to their normal rhythm, canteen store department, which had stopped buying a few weeks before the transition, they have started buying and they are slowly getting into the rhythm. There are sections of general trade in some parts of the country, which are limping back to normalcy,? he said.The company?s topline and volume growth were impacted by 200 basis points with the canteen store department not buying from it.?I think the most affected still remains the wholesale in the territory of central India like Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, those are the cases where the traders are still sitting on the fence, waiting to understand what they need to do and how they need to react to the new era of GST,? he said.?I would believe that sooner or later, the trade channel should start unclogging and there would be some element of channel reset but the large number of wholesalers who are engaged in trade, would have to find ways and means of engaging with the trade, accepting GST is a reality and they will have to live with that,? he added. \r\nActress Shenaz Treasury, while speaking about nepotism, said we live in a very classist society. "Nepotism exists. Not just in Bollywood but in every profession in India," she added. Further, speaking about Kangana Ranaut who called filmmaker Karan Johar 'flagbearer of nepotism', Shenaz said, "People like Kangana have to work a million times harder than someone from a filmy family."\r\nShenaz Treasury says nepotism exists in all professions in India and not just Bollywood, as the country has a ?classist? society. Shenaz will next be seen in the film Kaalakaandi alongside Saif Ali Khan, who along with filmmaker Karan Johar and actor Varun Dhawan was criticised for his ?Nepotism rocks? act at the IIFA Awards earlier this month.The debate started in Bollywood when Kangana Ranaut branded Karan as a ?flagbearer of nepotism? on his chat show Koffee With Karan earlier this year. ?I am so impressed with Kangana sitting on that couch laying it into Karan Johar about being the flag bearer of nepotism with that big smile. I think she spoke not just for the film industry, but for all of India,? Shenaz said in a statement.?Nepotism exists. Not just in Bollywood but in every profession in India. We live in a very classist society and it?s sad and depressing. People like Kangana have to work a million times harder than someone from a filmy family,? she added.Talking about her struggle in showbiz, Shenaz said, ?When I was a teenager, I wanted to be a screenplay writer or a photographer. First question people asked me, ?Who do you know? Any contacts??. My family told me it was a stupid idea. I should be a teacher like my mom. Or try and get a job in a shipping company like my dad.  But I had no interest in that. We know so many people who have gone into the family business even when they had no interest in it because that was the easiest choice. I feel this is a huge debate in India because it applies to every field and not just Bollywood,? she added.\r\nA boxing match which was supposed to be a World Featherweight title eliminator was cancelled on Friday with less than 24-hour notice after a contender fell in the shower, breaking his teeth and injuring his face. Mexican boxer Andr\xe9s Guti\xe9rrez, a former world champion in featherweight and super-bantamweight, was due to fight Northern Ireland's Carl Frampton in his home town.\r\nCarl Frampton?s fight with Andr\xe9s Guti\xe9rrez in Belfast was called off on Friday night with less than 24 hours? notice after the Mexican fell in the shower.Barry McGuigan, the fight?s promoter, told the BBC: ?We?re all so disappointed, it was a freak accident. He slipped in the shower, smashed his face, the guy is concussed. He?s a deep gash on his chin, his nose, lost two of his teeth.?An earlier statement on McGuigan?s Facebook page said: ?It is hoped that the event will be re-scheduled but ticket holders are advised to retain their tickets and contact point of purchase for further information.?The 30-year-old Frampton, once a world champion at featherweight and super-bantamweight, had been priming himself to fight in his home city for what might have been the final time.Earlier in the day he realised it would no longer serve as an eliminator for the WBC featherweight title for him after he came in one pound overweight at 9st 1lb. He is coming out of a six-month lay-off which followed his first professional defeat, by another Mexican, L\xe9o Santa Cruz, in Las Vegas.Frampton has made no secret of his desire to face Santa Cruz for a third time, or to challenge Wales?s IBF champion, Lee Selby. His trainer, Shane McGuigan, has said the ?finish line? is in sight for him despite only 24 professional fights.McGuigan, speaking to the Irish media before the now cancelled Guti\xe9rrez bout, said: ?We feel Saturday night is the next chapter in Carl?s career and one I?m excited about, because we can see the finish line now.?It?s like running a marathon and you can see that 20-mile mark and you?ve got around six miles to go. The legs are a bit heavy but we?re going to finish strong with four or five big wins.?\r\nBody parts have been found on Mont Blanc in the French Alps that might belong to passengers killed in one of the two Air India plane crashes over 50 years ago. Daniel Roche, who spent years combing glaciers looking for remains, found a hand and part of a leg. Roche also found one jet engine of 1966 Air India flight.\r\nBody parts that could belong to passengers killed in one or other of two Air India plane crashes more than 50 years ago have been found on Mont Blanc in the French Alps, sources said Friday.Daniel Roche, who is fascinated by air plane accidents and has spent years combing the Bossons Glacier looking for remains, made the discovery on Thursday.?I had never found any significant human remains before,? he told AFP. This time however he had found a hand and the upper part of a leg.In January 1966, an Air India Boeing 707 from Bombay to New York crashed near Mont Blanc?s summit, killing all 117 people on board.The Hindustan?Times front page on January 24, 1966.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tAnother Air India flight crashed on the mountain in 1950, killing 48 people.This handout picture shows an aircraft debris, which could be from one of two Air India crashes.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tRoche said the remains he had found could be of a female passenger from the 1966 Boeing 707 flight, as he also discovered one of the plane?s four jet engines.Roche contacted local emergency services in the Chamonix valley who took the remains down the mountain by helicopter and they were due to be examined by experts.?These remains are probably not from the same person,? said Stephane Bozon of the local gendarmerie.?They are probably from passengers, but between the two aircrafts, it?s difficult to say?.This handout picture shows a piece of a leg, which could belong to a victim of one of two Air India crashes which occurred in 1950 and 1966, on the Mont Blanc massif, French Alps.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tJust 10 days ago, two bodies were found lying near each other, preserved in a receding glacier in the Diablerets massif in the Swiss Alps.A DNA search identified the couple as Marcelin Dumoulin, a 40-year-old shoemaker at the time, and his wife Francine, a schoolteacher aged 37, who had disappeared in the Alps 75 years before.\r\nGhaziabad health department is reportedly planning to give ?1 lakh under three instalments to pregnant women who act as informers and help expose sex determination centres across Uttar Pradesh. An official said that in order to be eligible for the amount, the informer will have to give an undertaking that she won't abort the child if it was a girl.\r\nThe Ghaziabad district health department is scouting for pregnant women who can act as ?mukhbirs? (informers) and play a crucial role in cracking down on sex determination centres across Uttar Pradesh.The women can help identify on such centres and lead ?decoy operations?. There are incentives in three phases, starting from the point where the FIR is lodged to the stage where the court pronounces a judgment.The ?mukhbir? initiative was launched by chief minister Yogi Adityanath to improve the state?s skewed sex ratio. ?We need help from women who are four months pregnant and can help us get information about the sex determination centres. They can be accompanied by family members or relatives. The accompanying person will also be eligible for the incentive,? said Dr NK Gupta, chief medical officer, Ghaziabad.The women used as a decoy will be eligible for an incentive of Rs 1 lakh under three installments. The first installment of Rs 30,000 will be given when she conducts a sex determination test and shares the information, which will be verified by officials.?For the woman to be eligible for the first instalment, she will have to give an undertaking that she will not abort the child if it is found to be a girl. This becomes mandatory to protect the unborn child. The information about the informer and the operation will be kept secret,? Gupta added.If it is found that the informers are making it a means to earn money or giving wrong information, they would be blacklisted, Gupta said.The second installment of Rs 30,000 will be paid after the woman gives her statement before the court. The balance amount of Rs 40,000 will be paid up once the court pronounces its judgment. The person accompanying the informer woman to the ?illegal? sex-determination centre will be paid Rs 10,000 each as first and second installments and Rs 20,000 in the third stage. The person could be her husband, a family member or a relative.In Ghaziabad, officials of the Haryana health department successfully conducted several decoy operations, using pregnant women, to unearth illegal sex-determination centres in Ghaziabad. Such operations were carried out in June at Loni and also at Nandgram in July earlier this month.The officials said the scheme was launched under the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Technique (PCPNDT) Act. District and state level committees will monitor the progress on a regular basis.\r\n'Judge Uncle' is the presiding deity at the Devi temple in Kerala, and locals believe the judge saves 'innocents' trapped in legal hassles. Eighteenth-century judge Govinda Pillai, known for impartial judgements, had wrongly sentenced his nephew to death. Pillai ordered his own death for the error, and his soul is believed to be confined in a 'stone' at the shrine.\r\nNeck-deep in legal trouble, a mining baron from Bellary from Karnataka has finally decided to knock on the doors of the ?Judge Uncle? in neighbouring Kerala?s Kottayam district.The judge in this case is the presiding deity of a small shrine located at the corner of the Cheruvally Sree Devi temple of Kottayam with an ever growing reputation of helping people wriggle out of legal mess. The belief is Judge Ammavan (Uncle) does not disappoint and the mining baron mired in legal cases has made the trip to the temple to make a special offering.Those who throng the temple are controversial figures and to give them anonymity, the shrine opens just for 15 minutes and that too only in the night, after the main Cheruvally temple closes after evening prayers.Visitors at the temple are the veritable who?s who of south India: Malayalam actor Dileep is in jail for his alleged involvement in the abduction and sexual assault of a top actress and his brother Anoop was at the temple to offer special prayers on his behalf.P Gopalakrishnan, the president of the Travancore Dewasom Board that administers the famous hill shrine at Sabarimala was also here last November when a petition challenging its age-old tradition of not allowing women into the temple was being heard at the Supreme Court.The top court is yet to give its ruling on whether to allow women into Sabarimala, but devotees of ?Judge Uncle? believe his blessings are a sure shot way to salvation. The Bellary baron is facing a myriad of court cases including some relating to mine lease violations.?One of my cases will come up before the court soon and my astrologer advised me to visit the Judge Uncle,? he said on the condition of anonymity.According to folklore, the temple has its roots in 18th century when the erstwhile kingdom of Travancore had a judge named Govinda Pillai who was known for his impartial judgments. Once, his nephew was involved in a criminal case and Pillai ordered his execution. Later, evidence surfaced about the nephew?s innocence.Pillai was filled with remorse and he approached the king, requesting that he be punished for his erroneous judgment. The king said the judge must decide his own punishment, following which Pillai ordered his own execution. He also ruled that his body be exhibited at a public place for three days.Pillai?s commitment to justice moved many and the people later built a temple to ?give eternal peace to his soul?. The case diary with Pillai?s own observations on Palmira leaves ordering his execution serves as the deity of the temple.?People from faraway places come here. And many believers request the temple to keep their identity confidential,? said temple manager Gopinathan Nair.?People involved in minor disputes to major crimes come here with lot of hope,? said Deva Narayanan, a retired government employee. The Bellary mining baron currently doing the rounds of the temple happens to be just one of them. \r\nA youth leader of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), Minhaj Khan, a close aide of controversial former MP Mohammad Shahabuddin, was shot dead by unidentified gunmen on Saturday. Khan was asleep at his house when gunmen opened fire at him around 3 am. Khan?s family members have accused criminal Raju Khan and his accomplices of plotting the murder.\r\nUnidentified gunmen shot dead a youth leader of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) in north Bihar?s Siwan district in the wee hours of Saturday, three days after a JD(U)-BJP government assumed charge in the state. Police said Minhaj Khan was asleep at his house at Sheikhpura village in Basantpur police station area, 158 km north of Patna, when gunmen opened fire at him around 3am.Khan was district general secretary of the RJD Yuva Morcha and was a close aide of controversial former MP Mohammad Shahabudin, a Siwan strongman who is convicted in many criminal cases. Khan?s family members accused criminal Raju Khan and his accomplices of plotting the murder.The killing sparked tension in the area with a large number of villagers gathering at the victim?s house. Maharajganj sub-divisional police officer Sanjit Kumar is camping at the village with a police team from Basantpur. The situation was tense, but under control, the police added.Basantpur police station SHO Dharmendra Kushwaha told HT over phone that a country-made carbine and five live bombs were recovered near the house of the victim.Prima facie, it appeared that the incident could be the result of personal enmity, the station house officer (SHO) said.Chief minister Nitish Kumar snapped ties with the RJD to form government with BJP?s support on Thursday, promising good governance. His earlier grand alliance government, of which the RJD was a part, was often accused of failing to curb growing crimes in the state. Welcoming Kumar to the NDA fold, Union minister Ram Vilas Paswan earlier urged the chief minister to make law and order, among others, top of his agenda for governance.\r\nMumbai Congress chief Sanjay Nirupam on Saturday said that Congress workers will 'gherao' the Mumbai University on August 2, if it doesn't declare the results by July 31. According to Congress, over 20 lakh answer sheets are yet to be checked. Nirupam alleged that the online-assessment firm got the contract with MU without proper tendering process due to BJP's support.\r\nMumbai Congress chief Sanjay Nirupam has issued an ultimatum to Mumbai University administration and the Maharashtra government to declare university results on or before July 31, failing which party cadres and NSUI workers will gherao the Mumbai University campus on August 2.According to Congress, over 20 lakh answer sheets are yet to be checked by the university. Students, who had planned to go abroad for further education, are suffering due to this delay.The evaluation of answer sheets has got delayed because of a faulty online paper checking system which Mumbai University hired this year. MeritTrac Services is the firm which made this online paper assessment system. Sanjay Nirupam has alleged that MeritTrac Services got the contract for this paper assessment system without following a proper tendering process due to the tacit support of the BJP.CONGRESS CLAIMS BJP INVOLVED IN MUMBAI UNIVERSITY RESULTS MESS"The information I have got is this. This company is a part of Manipal University. Mohandas Pai is related to Manipal University and everyone knows about his inclination towards BJP. That is why this company is getting contracts in BJP-ruled states, Nirupam alleged. He added, "When Mumbai University was not ready for this system, why did the vice-chancellor award a contract to this particular firm? Before getting the final tender, MeritTrac officials had come to Mumbai for some training to teachers about their online paper assessment system."A few days ago, Yuva Sena Chief Aditya Thackeray had raised this issue with Governor Vidyadagar Rao and demanded action against Maharashtra Education Minister Vinod Tawde and Mumbai University Vice-Chancellor Sanjay Deshmukh for this delay in declaration of Mumbai University results.\r\nFormer Maharashtra Chief Minister Narayan Rane on Friday targeted the Shiv Sena and Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation in Maharashtra Legislative Council over Mumbai not becoming a world class city. He said that while Singapore and Shanghai which had come up in last three decades had become world class cities, Mumbai which came up 152 years ago, was still lagging behind.\r\nMumbai, July 28 (PTI) Senior Congress leader Narayan Rane today took a dig at the Shiv Sena and the party controlled Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) over Mumbai lagging behind Singapore and Shanghai, which, he said became the world class cities in the last three decades. Initiating a debate in the Legislative Council on a resolution moved by the Opposition on issues concerning Mumbai, the former chief minister said while Shanghai, Singapore, and Kuala Lumpur became the world class cities in the last 25-30 years Mumbai is lagging behind. He said the BMC came into existence in 1856 and since then 152 years have been passed. In a jibe aimed at the Sena which has been ruling the Mumbai civic body for over two decades now, Rane said, "Cities like Singapore, Shanghai and Kuala Lumpur rose to fame as the world class cities only in the last 25 to 30 years. But Mumbai, which came into existence 152 years ago, has not been able to progress into a world class city". Rane, who had served as a corporator early in his political career, said had the contemporary corporators been learned enough, they would not have allowed the BMC Commissioner to cut the capital expenditure in the annual civic budget. "The surplus funds lying with the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) and the Rs 60,000 crore of the BMC that are lying in Fixed Deposits with the banks should be used to make Mumbai a world class city," Rane said. In order to develop Mumbai into a truly global city, the government should appoint an agency, give them three months time, he said, adding that World Bank, the Centre and the state governments could create a fund for the development of civic infrastructure. Despite contributing 25 to 30 per cent by way of tax to the Central kitty, Mumbais condition continues to be pathetic, he added. In an apparent reference to Sena president Uddhav Thackerays remarks suggesting that the BMC was helpless when it rains heavily in Mumbai, Rane said even if it rains 400 mm in a day, Central Mumbai gets water logged. "Some parts of Mumbai are below the sea level. But why no steps have been taken to improve sewerage system and pumping stations?" he asked. Taking potshots at Sena over its recent stand-off with RJ Malishka Mendonsa who mocked the civic body on various issues through a video, Rane said Mumbai is a 152-year-old city and over the years, new unbelievable technological innovations have been made. \r\nA Russia-bound man was arrested at Delhi Airport on Friday for allegedly carrying ?50,000 (nearly ?40 lakh) in an unauthorised manner, a senior official has said. The passenger, identified as Rohit Kumar, was intercepted by CISF personnel after his baggage check revealed a suspicious packet containing five envelopes. The five envelopes contained ?10,000 each.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 28 (PTI) A Russia-bound man was today apprehended at the Delhi airport for allegedly carrying Euro 50,000 in an unauthorised manner, a senior official said. \r\nGhaziabad police on Friday arrested three men for allegedly looting ?7.7 lakh at gunpoint from a Mother Dairy booth owner and his nephew in Modi Nagar. "They were watching the distributor for nearly two months before they carried out the strike," said an official. However, victims said that they couldn't identify the robbers as they wore helmets during the robbery.\r\nThe Ghaziabad police on Friday arrested a gang which looted Rs 7.7 lakh at gunpoint from the owner of a Mother Dairy outlet in Modi Nagar on July 24. However, the victims said they cannot  identify the robbers as they wore helmets during the incident.The arrested were identified as Kishor Vishwakarma, Bir Sen and Mukesh Lal.  They had allegedly robbed Pankaj Goel and his nephew Shivam while they were on their way to deposit Rs 7.7 lakh cash at a nearby on July 24.?Two men on  a bike stopped us and held us at gunpoint. One of the two men snatched the two bags of cash and sped away. They also took away the keys of our two-wheeler to ensure that we do not chase them. The robbery was done in seconds and fled with the cash bags,? said Goel.?The two were wearing helmets and their faces were not visible. So we cannot identify the arrested as the men who robbed us. We had put a cross mark on the currency notes which were in the denominations of Rs 100 and Rs 50. In all, the two bags contained Rs 7, 77, 900,? Goel said.The police, however, claimed that the arrested men had confessed to the crime and that they have recovered Rs 4.95 lakh of the loot. The police believe that the recovery will help ensure the conviction of the men in the court.?The accused have dozens of criminal cases against them. They were watching the distributor for nearly two months before they carried out the strike. They knew Goel?s schedule? when he would go to the milk booth and the bank. One of the accused is still absconding and we will take the three accused on remand soon,? said HN Singh, senior superintendent of police.The police also recovered a Santro and two motorcycles ? a Pulsar and an Apache ? from the possession of the accused.According to the police, Mukesh has 22 criminal cases registered in Delhi?s Khajuri, Karawal Nagar and Gokul Puri. He also has cases in Ghaziabad. Kishor is named in seven cases while Bir Sen had three cases registered against him in Ghaziabad,the police said.\r\nThe Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG) has sealed 52 properties of tax defaulters since Wednesday, while around 600 properties have been sealed in the city so far. The MCG will start auctioning the sealed properties from next month to recover dues. Notably, the civic body collected around ?500 crore in property tax in the last fiscal year.\r\nWith the date of auction approaching, the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG) has since Wednesday sealed 52 properties of building owners who failed to pay property tax.The MCG has been regularly carrying out sealing drives as it is going to start auctioning properties of tax defaulters from August 8 to recover dues.On July 20, the MCG had also sealed 70 shops in Sector 74 after their owners failed to pay the property tax dues.Since Wednesday, municipal corporation officials have sealed properties at Mehrauli-Gurgaon Road (MG Road), sectors 37, 4, 7 and Palam Vihar. These properties include shops located in malls in Sector 4, in MG Road and at the Vyapar Kendra in Palam Vihar.?Around 600 buildings have been sealed in the city so far and owners let out after warnings. While most tax defaulters cleared their dues and reclaimed their properties, the remaining who did not do so face the prospect of their properties being auctioned from August under Section 130 (manner of recovering tax or fee) of the Haryana Municipal Act, 1994,? said SS Rohilla, spokesperson, MCG.With rebate schemes no longer on offer, the MCG has warned defaulters to pay their tax dues by August 31 or their establishments could go under the hammer.The corporation will start the auctioning process with 20 buildings of tax defaulters that were sealed in February.In the 2016-17 fiscal, the MCG has collected around Rs500 crore in property tax as against the Rs387 crore collected last fiscal.\r\nHollywood actor George Clooney has said he will sue French entertainment magazine Voici for publishing images of his twins without his permission. "[P]hotographers from Voici magazine scaled our fence, climbed our tree and illegally took pictures of our infants inside our home," Clooney said in a statement. The twins, Ella and Alexander, were born in June this year.n\r\nHollywood A-lister George Clooney is fuming mad at Voici for publishing images of his twins and will sue the French entertainment magazine.?Over the last week, photographers from Voici magazine scaled our fence, climbed our tree and illegally took pictures of our infants inside our home,? Clooney said in a statement. ?Make no mistake, the photographers, the agency and the magazine will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. The safety of our children demands it.?Paparazzi photos of the babies on the cover of the latest Voici issue show one with each parent apparently at their home in Italy.     Una revista francesa publica las primeras fotograf\xedas de los mellizos de #GeorgeClooney y esto enfurece al actor. "Durante la semana pasada los fot\xf3grafos de la revista Voici escalaron nuestra valla, subieron nuestro \xe1rbol e ilegalmente tomaron fotos de nuestros ni\xf1os dentro de nuestra casa", "Que no se equivoquen los fot\xf3grafos, vamos a adoptar medidas legales, porque la seguridad de nuestros hijos lo permite", coment\xf3 el actor. A post shared by Despierta America (@despiertamerica) on Jul 28, 2017 at 7:38pm PDTThe twins, Ella and Alexander, were born in London in June.The actor-director, 56, and wife Amal Clooney, a human rights attorney, 29, wed in 2014.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nResidents of Bandra's D'monte Street said they will file a criminal complaint against the authorities for demolishing a 120-year-old cross on April 29. "We want the BMC to reinstate the cross. The criminal charge-sheet is for wrongly marking the shrine and demolishing it," they said. Residents also said that the cross was legal and was on the owner's private property.\r\nThree months after the BMC demolished a contentious 120-year-old cross on D?monte Street in Bandra (West), residents and Catholic groups said they will file a criminal complaint against the assistant municipal commissioner Sharad Ughade and two engineers of the ward office. Savio Gonsalves, who lives opposite the shrine, has been the caretaker for 35 years. ?It was shocking to see the BMC take the cross down. We got to know about the BMC?s plan a night before and we could not do anything,? said Gonsalves. On April 29, the BMC demolished the D?monte cross.The Catholic community staged a protest on May 3 outside the ward office. Residents said the cross was legal and was on private property of the owner. READ: Illegal shed over grotto demolished in ChakalaGodfrey Pimenta, trustee of NGO Watchdog Foundation, said, ?The BMC had wrongly marked the cross as category B structure. We took the case to court and till now, the BMC has not produced the affidavit in court.? Rita D?sa, head of Bombay Catholic Sabha, said the next hearing for the case in the high court is on August 21. ?We want the BMC to reinstate the cross. The criminal charge-sheet is for wrongly marking the shrine and demolishing it,? said D?sa.Ughade told HT, ?The cross was under category B in the 2011 list. We have taken action as per the court order.? Officials added that the cross cannot be reinstated. Of the 38 illegal shrines in Bandra West, only one cross has been demolished. The ward office razed close to four illegal temples on Thursday.\r\nMumbai traffic police on Friday issued an order restricting traffic movement in Marol till July 31 over the construction of a metro station there. Authorities have advised the commuters to plan their rides according to the restrictions which include diversions, one-ways, no entries and no-parking areas. The order prevents entry of vehicles from Andheri-Kurla Road towards Makwana Road among others.\r\nThere will be traffic restrictions in Marol till July 31 owing to the construction of a Metro-3 station there. The Mumbai traffic police has advised motorists to plan their commutes according to the restrictions, which include one-ways, no-entries, diversions and no-parking areas. An order was issued on Friday by Sanjay Jadhav, who is the deputy commissioner (traffic), western suburbs.According to the order, the route from Marol Naka to Lok Bharti junction will be one-way while there will be no entry to the Marol-Maroshi Road from Lok Bharti junction towards Marol naka.For motorists plying on Marol-Maroshi Road towards Marol Naka, traffic will be diverted from Lok Bharti Junction towards Lok Bharti Road and right on to Makwana Road and then towards Andheri-Kurla Road. Meanwhile, there will be no right turns between Metro One pier nos. 280 and 281. There will be no entry for vehicles from Andheri-Kurla Road towards Makwana Road. Motorists will not be allowed to park their vehicles at Marol-Maroshi Road, Military Road, Lok Bharti junction, Makwana Road, LG Road and Sagbaug Road. There is also no right turn for traffic on Mapkhan Nagar Road and Marol Village Road towards Marol Naka junction. The 33.5-km underground Metro-3 line will connect Colaba-Bandra-Seepz and the estimated cost of the project is Rs23,136 crore.\r\nMaharashtra government on Friday announced plans to make installation of GPS system mandatory in black-and-yellow taxis and autorickshaws. The issue was raised by an Opposition leader, who said that passengers' safety had become cause for concern. "Autorickshaws and conventional taxis will have to install GPS system on the lines of app-based aggregators such as Ola and Uber," said an official.\r\nThe Maharashtra government will soon make it mandatory for black-and-yellow taxis and autorickshaws to install global positioning system(GPS)? for the safety of passengers, said Ranjit Patil, minister of state for home, in the legislative assembly on Friday.?Autorickshaws and conventional taxis will have to install GPS system on the lines of app-based aggregators such as Ola and Uber,? Patil said.The issue was raised by the leader of the opposition Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil in the assembly through a calling attention motion. He said that the safety of passengers has become cause for concern and the government needed to ensure black-and-yellow taxis and autorickshaws had devices that can help track them.Congress legislators Vijay Wadettiwar, Amit Deshmukh and others also raised the issue of hardship faced by passengers of autos and black-and-yellow taxis in Mumbai and its neighbouring areas such as Thane and Kalyan-Dombivli.While issuing new permits,the state government had inserted a condition that the owners had to install GPS in taxis and autorickshaws whenever it asked them to do so.READMaharashtra RTOs update their software, auto and taxi drivers can?t apply for multiple permitsMaharashtra government announces mobile app for booking taxis and autos\r\nRSS-backed Goa Suraksha Manch (GSM) has come up with a rap song targeting Goa CM Manohar Parrikar for his "failed promises and political treachery". The song titled 'Mannu Aamka Tuzyawar Bharosa Nai Hai' features GSM workers questioning 'Mannu' (Manohar Parrikar) for backing casino industry. Song also entails verses like "Mannu we do not trust you...You are a destroyer of Goa."\r\nRJ Malishka?s ?Sonu song?, a viral video that mocks Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) over pot-holed roads, has inspired a political outfit in Goa. The Goa Suraksha Manch (GSM), which is backed by state Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Subhash Velingkar, has used a similar sing-song routine to question chief minister Manohar Parrikar over his purported support to the casino lobby and failure of governance.The video ?Mannu Aamka Tuzyawar Bharosa Nai Hai?, which has gone viral, features workers of the organisation questioning ?Mannu? (Manohar Parrikar) backing the casino industry.?Mannu we do not trust you, Mannu is your humanity no more, You are a protector of casinos, You are a destroyer of Goa,? says the video. The manch, has been critical of Parrikar?s functioning and policies in the past as well.The song is in protest of a new casino-housing vessel, promoted by Haryana politician Gopal Kanda, which beached at the Miramar beach near Panaji a few days ago. It has been a subject of controversy, especially in the Goa legislative assembly, during the ongoing monsoon session.Parrikar, who as opposition leader, had led a seven-year campaign against the casino industry, is now accused by the Congress of going back on his words to ban casinos from Goa?s rivers.?We had thought that he would move casinos from the Mandovi. Goa?s educated society does not want casinos at all. He does not bother or love Goan culture. This song should remind people about all failed promises and political treachery by Parrikar,? Goa Suraksha Manch spokersperson Anand Shirodkar said on Wednesday.A few days ago, Red FM and comedian Jos\xe9 Covaco had released videos slamming the BMC and supporting RJ?Malishka.Inputs from IANS\r\nProducer Siddharth Roy Kapur has said making a biopic on a political figure has become radioactive nowadays. He added that filmmakers are self-censoring the subjects they pick for movies as they're concerned about the Censor Board. "In that process, we might be losing out on interesting stories that should be told, and I hope the environment changes," Siddharth further said.\r\nComing on the heels of the controversy about Indu Sarkar, a top official of the Film and Television Producers Guild of India says such topics have become ?radioactive? nowadays. Speaking at the Word To Screen, Publishers Bootcamp by Jio MAMI here, Guild president Siddharth Roy Kapur said that ?making a biopic on a political figure is radioactive right now?.Later, prodded by IANS to elaborate on the sidelines of the event, Kapur said, ?It?s unfortunately the environment that we are in at this point of time that most filmmakers are self-censoring when it comes to subjects that they pick to make a movie about because they are concerned about how it will finally be received when it goes to the CBFC for clearance. In that process, we might be really losing out on quite a few interesting stories that should be told, and I do hope that the environment changes.?Movies like Lipstick Under My Burkha and Udta Punjab ran foul of the censor board but were cleared after appeals or cuts.Kapur, former head honcho of Studios, Disney UTV, said that former actress Smriti Irani?s appointment as Cabinet Minister for Information and Broadcasting, would bring about a change for the Indian film industry which was constantly battling censorship woes. ?It?s a very positive step because she?s someone who understands the industry. I?m quite certain that we will see an easy and a more liberal view of film certification in the months to come,? Kapur said.?I believe that the (government-appointed) Shyam Benegal Committee has made some very good recommendations on what should be done as far as the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) is concerned. I do hope that?s implemented at the earliest,? added Kapur.Given that the $2 billion film industry of India, one of the largest movie-producing nations in the world, was not generating the moolah it should for a multiple of reasons -- lack of screens, slowdown in domestic theatrical revenue, steady growth in Hollywood market share and emergence of digital platforms and quality content -- Kapur sees light at the end of the tunnel.?Every industry goes through cyclical times. The cycle we are going through right now is where the economics are very challenging. Having said that, I?m quite optimistic that since we have a very strong movie-going culture, our own ethos of a star system and our own grammar of storytelling, we will come out of this,? said Kapur.?I think it?s about the industry figuring out an economic model that makes sense to everyone in the value chain rather than for a few people. And once that changes, we will see the industry do much better,? he said, adding how filmmakers need to be ?smart about their films?, release date and strategy.As for Hollywood eating into local films? business, he said, ?It?s happening and it?s definitely something to be concerned about... Because the fact is that they are making movies that are bringing people to cinemas... And that?s what we need to do too.?Exorbitant fee charged by stars can sometimes inflate a film?s budget, but breaking away from the strongly-rooted star system is going to be no answer either, said Kapur. ?I don?t think the star system will break and I don?t think it should. But I think that along with the star system, there needs to be great content that can stand on its own without any star. I have seen so many movies in the recent past that have done this and have done it very effectively,? he said.Kapur has been associated -- as producer, co-producer or associate producer -- with a mix of these -- Dangal, Kai Po Che, The Lunchbox, Raajneeti, Barfi!, Chennai Express, Shahid, Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana, A Wednesday and Paan Singh Tomar. Now he is on a new journey of his own -- that of driving his home banner Roy Kapur Films.?I?m very excited about this next phase of my career where I will be looking at all kinds of content across the board, genre-agnostic, completely. I just want to tell great stories; do some great movies that I can be proud of,? he said.His slate includes an Aamir Khan-starrer biopic on astronaut Rakesh Sharma and a biopic based on the life of a man named Vijendra Singh who had lost his wife Leela in the Uttarakhand floods.Not ready to spill more beans about any of his projects, Kapur said: ?It?s a little early to talk about any of them at this point of time.?\r\nThe Bengaluru-based firm which was carrying out on-screen assessment of answer sheets has said that the Mumbai University results were delayed because the varsity didn't provide them with a consolidated list of evaluators. The university, however, said that it had given them a list of 10,000 evaluators and it was the firm's job to consolidate it into the desired format.\r\nThree days before deadline to declare degree college results, MeritTrac, the Bengaluru-based information technology firm carrying out the on-screen assessment of answer sheets, claimed that the University of Mumbai is yet to provide them with a complete list of evaluators causing delay and snags in the assessment process.The firm said they had requested a consolidated list of all evaluators in a particular format, but the university has not given it yet. University officials, however, denied these allegations and claimed that the firm was handed over the required data at the beginning of the project.Speaking to HT, Nagendran S, executive vice-president of MeritTrac said to successfully implement on-screen marking process, one requires complete details about all the evaluators, including the subjects they assess. ?These details were available locally only at colleges and centralised assessment process (CAP) centre. The university didn?t have a consolidated list. We are still receiving evaluator data from varsity officials,? he said.?Unless and until we get the data in a particular format, we can?t generate username and passwords for evaluators. But the list provided by the university was riddled with error,? he said.Rubbishing these claims, Deepak Wasave, in-charge director, board of examination and evaluation at MU, said, ?On the first day of the project, we gave them a list of around 10,000 evaluators. It was their job to put it in the format they wanted,? he said. Wasave, however, accepted that the varsity kept adding new evaluators to the list.He also blamed MeritTrac for slow servers, problems in generating OTPs and mix-up of answer sheets at CAP centres. The company denied the responsibility of these issues. ?There are several factors behind these issues. Sometimes the connectivity of the local area network (LAN) is poor. The generation of OTP also depends on the telecom network. Mix-up of answer sheets occurred due to their mislabelling,? said Nagendran.\r\nThe International Tiger Day, an annual celebration to promote a system for protecting natural habitats of tigers and to raise public awareness for tiger conservation, is celebrated worldwide on July 29. It was first observed in 2010 at the Saint Petersburg Tiger Summit. Reportedly, the world has lost 97% of all wild tigers in a bit over 100 years.\r\nThe global tiger day was created to think of the needs of a wild tiger. Sadly we have forgotten this primary objective. What I am going to do is to spell out the Indian tiger?s wishlist in the hope that those that engage with tigers will rethink and review their strategies.The most important item on the wishlist is to see a mindset change in the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) where this specially created institution starts to imbibe field wisdom about wild tigers through innovative strategies on both protection and tourism. Tigers love well-managed visitors. They keep the forest staff on alert and can provide vital information on illegal grazing, wood felling and poaching. After all, there are hundreds of more eyes and ears looking and hearing. In places where tourism is low, tigers have suffered hugely. The NTCA must learn to respect site-specific initiatives of state governments that can through tourism revenue make our tiger reserves self sufficient. This in turn provides field directors to undertake vital protection work without bureaucratic delays. The NTCA in the last decade has discouraged tourism and endlessly interfered with state government policy seriously impacting the health of tigers. Managing tigers is a state subject and the NTCA must be in the role of facilitator and not policeman.The chief wildlife wardens of the states are vital to the tigers? wishlist. They need to take bold and innovative decisions that inspire the field staff. They need to engage with local communities in the effort to protect tigers. They need to ensure that all vacant positions are filled and chief ministers engaged with all the issues that confront wild tigers. State-of-the-art training is an essential element in the quality of governance that is needed to protect tigers. Retired army officers can instruct on field craft, retired intelligence officials on gathering intelligence on poachers and their syndicates. Our country can offer the best talent to secure the future of wild tigers. Inter-state cooperation is vital to good governance and even more important than linking up with the central government. Rajasthan has held such a meeting with Maharashtra so that both can imbibe best practices from each other. Choose forest staff with care. Good decisions are made by those who spend time understanding tigers. Ignorant decisions damage the future of tigers. The four or five big NGOs must revitalise their thinking and prevent duplication. Focus on specific trouble spots and solve problems with tactical help to the forest staff. Do not beat your own drum. Partner with local communities. The future of tigers will lie in how communities engage in protection. The time for sweet talking them is over. Gather the young and train them into tiger protectors.All this requires strong political will. Tigers need chief ministers at their side. Their instructions are vital to innovative initiatives and this is where strong partnerships between the government and non-governmental sector can trigger the necessary political will. Frequent meetings of the state board of wildlife that chief ministers chair are vital to resolving the tigers? problems.The Prime Minister of the country must play his role for the sake of our national animal. The Prime Minister chairs the national board for wildlife and frequent meetings are a must. The full board has not met for four years. This is the moment to meet and the best experts must apprise the Prime Minister of the tigers? needs.These are the five points on the wish list of India?s wild tigers. And who says it is not possible? Rajasthan has shown the way. Under the supervision of the chief minister, the Ranthambhore tiger reserve has shown the highest amount of tigers ever now touching 65 with the highest tourist revenue now touching 4 million dollars just on entry ticket revenue. It has some of the best local community monitoring and protection and a genuine partnership with field forest staff. It has the best tourism practices and regular monthly meetings of an empowered committee that reports back to the chief minister. For the first time ever, extra tourism revenue is going to new tiger habitats that suffered tremendously due to limited funds.Where there is a will there is a way. It is up to all of us to make it the day of the tiger.Valmik Thapar has worked for 42 years with wild tigers. He has also written 30 books on India?s tigers and wildlife\r\nCongress has alleged that arms and lethal weapons training is being imparted to Bajrang Dal and VHP volunteers in Assam to terrorise it. Assam's Congress Committee chief said, "The training is being given with a motive to attack the rival parties". The leader also met Union Minister Rajnath Singh and demanded action against "those practising this without a valid licence".\r\nThe Congress on?Friday alleged that arms training is being provided to Bajrang Dal and VHP volunteers in Assam to terrorise it and demanded action against those ?practising this without a valid licence?.Assam Pradesh Congress Committee chief Ripun Bora told reporters here that as part of their organisational work in the state, the two right-wing outfits were imparting arms and lethal weapon training to their members in Geeta Ashram, in Hojai.He also alleged that the VHP?s women wing volunteers ?Durga Vahini? were also imparted with such training in Nalbari.Bora met Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and handed over a memorandum to him, demanding action against ?those practicing this without a valid licence?.He also sought steps to prevent such training in the state.The Congress leader also handed over a video of the said arms training to Singh and demanded action saying the state government had not taken any steps.?The Bajrang Dal and Vishwa Hindu Parishad have committed a serious offence by imparting arms training to their workers. It will incite and encourage extremist activity. The training is being given with a motive to attack the rival parties that will jeopardise the peace in the state,? he said.The Assam Congress also urged the Centre to declare floods as a national calamity in the state. \r\nFarmers on Friday blocked the passage of Haldia Express train passing through Greater Noida, demanding an increased compensation for their agricultural land earmarked for the 135 km Eastern Peripheral Expressway. They demanded a price four times the current compensation rate of ?3,640 per square metre. Notably, farmers have been protesting on the expressway site since the past four months. \r\n The Gautam Budh Nagar district administration and the police on Friday lodged an FIR against 20 farmers for blocking the passage of Haldia Express train on the Delhi-Howrah railway line that passes through Greater Noida.Farmers sat on a  protest at Bodaki village along Delhi-Howrah line, thereby blocking trains.Farmers have been protesting near Bil Akbarpur village for the last four months demanding increased compensation for their agricultural land earmarked for 135km Eastern Peripheral Expressway. They decided to the block railway line after the administration forcibly removed them from the Eastern Peripheral Expressway site. The expressway is meant to decongest Delhi with an aim to reduce air pollution in Delhi-NCR. The Supreme Court, in 2006, had  directed the Centre to build the expressway as soon as possible. The National Highways Authority of India said 17km of the expressway falls in 39 villages of Greater Noida. Farmers are demanding that instead of the Rs 3,640 per square metre compensation that they were promised, the district administration should pay them four times the prevailing circle rate. This roughly works out to Rs 7,000 per sqm.Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to inaugurate this EPE on August 15 and the district administration is under pressure to settle farmer disputes. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe Eastern Peripheral Expressway is a project of national importance as the Supreme Court has ordered its construction. Farmers should fight for increased compensation at the right platform instead of blocking trains or protesting at the expressway site. If anyone disturbs law and order, we will take action,? said BN Singh, district magistrate, Gautam Budh Nagar.Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to inaugurate this EPE on August 15 and the district administration is under pressure to settle farmer disputes. However, farmers are angry with the administration for filing an FIR and forcibly removing them from the EPE site.?This is a democratic country and we have every right to protest. We were peacefully protesting in Bil Akbarpur. Why did the administration and police remove us? And now they are putting pressure on us to snatch our land. The UP government has paid Rs 17,000 per sqm as compensation in nearby Ghaziabad villages. In some cases, it has paid Rs 6,300 per sqm as compensation. Why should we give our land for Rs 3,640 per sqm?? said Sunil Fauji, a farmer leader named in the FIR. The Gautam Budh Nagar district administration and the police on Friday lodged an FIR against 20 farmers for blocking the passage of Haldia Express train on the Delhi-Howrah railway line that passes through Greater Noida.**Photo recieved on July 28.2017. (Please check with Charmaine Edwards for details) ?The land compensation rate should be uniform for all EPE farmers or they should acquire land under the 2013 Land Acquisition Act,? he said.In 2006, the district administration had paid Rs 1,700 per sqm to farmers, who willingly gave their land for the project. Later, in 2016, then district magistrate NP Singh increased the compensation to Rs 3,500 per sqm. Now, DM BN Singh has decided to award Rs 3,640 per sqm, including Rs 5 lakh to each farmer family. ?A majority of farmers are willing to give their land for Rs 3,640 per sqm. But a few farmers, nurturing political ambitions, are provoking others. These leaders do not have land in these 39 villages,? the DM claimed.Construction work on the EPE in Panipat, Faridabad and Ghaziabad and other areas, except Gautam Budh Nagar, is on in full swing. \r\nCongress Vice President Rahul Gandhi accused Chhattisgarh's ruling party BJP of killing Dalits, tribals and small traders for the sake of power. Gandhi went on to term BJP as the "party of lies" and urged his party functionaries to defeat BJP with Congress' "power of truth". He advised party workers on how to effectively use social media to mobilise support.\r\nCongress vice president Rahul Gandhi on Friday accused the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Chhattisgarh of killing ?Dalits? and ?tribals? for the sake of power. ?Chhattisgarh sarkar ne ek-k-baad-ek ghotale kiye , chhote vyapariyon ko khatam kar diya , adivasiyon ko aur daliton ko maara . Kyun ? Satta ke liye. Satta ke liye sab ho raha hai (Chhattisgarh government has been involved in scam after scam;  it has annihilated small traders and killed Dalits and tribals for power. All these are done just to attain power),? Rahul said, addressing party workers. Gandhi arrived on a two-day visit to tribal-dominated Bastar district of Chhattisgarh to rejuvenate the party in this Maoist hotbed ahead of 2018 assembly polls. The Congress, which is in out of power in the state since 2003, is still a formidable force in the Bastar region. Tribals and Dalits are often at the receiving end of the counter-Maoist operations in the region, alienating them from the Raman Singh-led BJP government. He asked the workers to strengthen the party and also gave some tips on how to effectively use social media to mobilise support. ? He( Rahul) emphasised on the importance of social media and gave us some useful and effective tips,? said a party worker present in the session.Addressing the closed door session, Gandhi termed the BJP as a ?party of lies?, and egged on his party functionaries to defeat the saffron party with their ?power of truth.??They (the BJP) tell the same lie again and again to make it appear true just for their vested interest to secure power,? he said. On Saturday, Gandhi will address a rally to protest the proposed disinvestment of state-owned NMDC?s steel plant coming up in Nagarnar area of Bastar.The NDMC employees, their unions and local people are against the Centre?s plan for a strategic disinvestment of the plant. The Congress is trying to cash in on their grievances ahead of the assembly polls. Even chief minister Raman Singh had warned the Centre that the disinvestment plan could trigger unrest in the Bastar region.\r\nThe Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has alleged that Delhi Police was filing 'baseless' and 'fabricated' charges against its legislators. Despite knowing that the complaint was politically motivated, police charged MLA Prakash Jarwal with molestation, AAP leader Atishi Marlena said. Molestation charges against Jarwal were later struck down by the court which granted him anticipatory bail, Marlena added. \r\nThe Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Thursday again alleged that the Delhi police was filing ?baseless? and ?fabricated? charges against its leaders. The cases, they said, were failing to stand under the court?s scrutiny. AAP leader Atishi Marlena, while addressing reporters at the party office on Thursday ? a day after Deoli MLA Prakash Jarwal got anticipatory bail in an alleged molestation case ? hit out at Delhi Police for invoking stringent sections of criminal procedure, despite being in the know that the complaints are politically motivated. ?It was clear from the beginning that the complainant was a BJP worker. Still the police invoked section 354 (molestation) deliberately, which was later struck down by the court while granting anticipatory bail to Prakash Jarwal,? said Marlena. The AAP leader argued that the police in the past have repeatedly invoked ?wrong sections? in complaints against other AAP legislators as well, and the cases could not stand court scrutiny. Marlena cited the bail order, which struck down molestation charges, in Jarwal?s case to buttress the party?s charge. ?The complaint to the police for registration of FIR says that the accused touched the dupatta of the complainant and had a scuffle with her. This statement of the complainant not at all suggests that offence u/s 354 IPC has been committed,? the court order reads. ?The complaint itself suggests that the applicant came to the house of the complainant along with 40-50 other persons and started threatening her and her husband and in these facts it is very difficult to assume that the applicant had any intention to outrage the modesty of complainant or had any lust in his mind,? it added. \r\nThe UK has lifted an in-cabin laptop ban on Turkish Airlines and Pegasus. The Transport Department said the restrictions "will be lifted on a case-by-case basis once the UK government has verified that airlines have put in place alternative security measures." The UK had imposed the ban on direct flights from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia. \r\nBritain has eased a ban on laptops and tablets in airline cabins, lifting the prohibition on some flights from Turkey.In March, Britain banned electronic devices larger than smartphones on direct flights from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia.The Department for Transport said on Friday that the rule no longer applies to flights from Istanbul?s Sabiha Gokcen airport. The ban still holds at Istanbul?s other international airport, Ataturk.The department says restrictions at other airports ?will be lifted on a case-by-case basis once the UK government has verified that airlines have put in place alternative security measures.?Britain?s ban came after the US barred laptops in cabins on flights from 10 Mideast airports over concerns about explosives on planes.The ban has since been lifted for several airlines.\r\nMaharashtra government on Friday announced that integrated coaching will not be allowed in the state from the next academic year. It will be compulsory to attend college lectures and attendance will be marked through bio-metric system, reports said. Notably, integrated coaching is an arrangement between colleges and coaching centres, in which students don't need to attend college lectures.\r\nThe state school education minister Vinod Tawde on Friday announced that the government will not allow integrated coaching to continue from the next academic year to stop commercialisation of education. Students will also be asked not to take admissions for integrated courses. While saying that attending lectures at colleges will be made mandatory from next year and bio-metric system will be used to keep a check, Tawde said the state will not take responsibility for those who still opt for integrated coaching.\xa0In integrated coaching, colleges enter into an arrangement with private coaching centres, in which students don?t have to bother attending college lectures.\xa0 The issue was raised by the BJP legislator Ashish  Deshmukh, who expressed concerns over its misuse.\xa0 Replying to the debate, Tawde said, ?Students who secure 96% marks take admissions for integrated coaching. They are charged lakhs. The coaching classes mark their attendance for the college too and based on that they get admission in class 12. But now this commercialisation of education will be stopped.?\xa0?From the next academic year, students taking admissions for integrated coaching will have to be present at colleges for lectures. Colleges will be asked to mark the attendance through bio-metric system,? he added.\xa0Tawde said the government will not allow students to appear for class 12 examinations who have taken admission for integrated coaching and remain absent at their respective colleges. "Parents and students must take note of this. The government will not take responsibility of students who will take admission at such colleges,? said the education minister.He also said that changes will be made to the science syllabus of Class 11 and 12 to get them at par with Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and help students who want to appear for National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) and Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) examinations. The difference in the syllabus has been affecting the prospects of Maharashtra students.\xa0\r\nThane Municipal Corporation has restarted Star Grade, an application to report potholes, after several complaints were made about the same. It was launched two years ago and had reportedly become popular among residents. However, the app was stopped over non-renewal of its maintenance contract. Residents can upload pictures of potholes on the app and alert officials to take action.\r\nYou can now file complaints on potholes online. The pothole application, Star Grade, which had gained popularity last monsoon, was restarted after complaints related to potholes poured in. Launched by the Thane Municipal Corporation two years ago, the app had become popular among residents. ?The application started functioning two days ago. However, it is still in testing phase and we haven?t formally launched it. The formal launch will take place next week. People who knew about the application use it. We have received one complaint till now,? said an official from TMC requesting anonymity.The application had stopped because the contract with the agency had not been renewed. The official said, ?We had not renewed the contract of the agency which handled the application. We have signed an annual maintenance contract with the same agency.?He said the contract was not renewed as the corporation plans to expand the application. ?We want to include other complaints such as pipe burst, water leakage, uncollected garbage, unclean roads, water supply, open manholes, waterlogging, choked nullahs and poor conditions of the footpaths,? he added.The app has registered more than 1,000 complaints on an average in the last two monsoons. Last year, the application recorded more than 900 complaints out of which the maximum complains were from Majiwada, followed by Railadevi and Lokmanya Nagar areas.About the applicationThe residents can download the application, take the photo of a pothole and upload it on the app. The app is backed by GPS (Global Positioning System), so the location of the pothole will be automatically uploaded.Complaints are supposed to be addressed within 24 to 36 hoursThe app displays the status of the complaint along with the details of the complainant.The app is linked to TMC websitesAndroid users can download it from play store while the IOS and Windows users can log on to stargrade.thanecity.gov.in.\r\nA new satirical animated series focusing on US President Donald Trump is set to be made by Stephen Colbert, the host of American talk show 'The Late Show' for the television network 'Showtime'. "I know a lot of people wanted to do this, and I'm honoured that the Cartoon President invited our documentary crew into his private world," said Colbert.\r\nThe Late Show host, Stephen Colbert, a fierce critic of Donald Trump, has sold a new animated series to Showtime that will feature the cartoon commander-in-chief who frequently appeared on his show during last year?s election campaign.Colbert has teamed up with The Late Show show-runner, Chris Licht, on the project, which is currently slated for one 10-episode season set to air in the fall. ?I know a lot of people wanted to do this, and I?m honored that the Cartoon President invited our documentary crew into his private world,? Colbert said in a statement about the pick-up. ?I?ve seen some of the footage, and I look forward to sharing the man behind the MAGA.?The show will also feature animated versions of the president?s family members, featuring ?truish adventures of Trump?s confidants and bon vivants ? family, top associates, heads of government, golf pros and anyone else straying into his orbit?, while ?intrepidly exploring their histories and their psyches, revealing insights into what makes them so definitively Trumpian?.Colbert is among a litany of entertainers who?ve mined the White House goings-on for small screen comedy, including Anthony Atamanuik, who plays Trump in Comedy Central?s The President Show, and Saturday Night Live, which regularly features Alec Baldwin?s famed Trump impersonation alongside cast members and guest stars reprising their roles as various members of the president?s inner circle.David Nevins, the president and CEO of Showtime Networks, praised Colbert in a statement about the upcoming series: ?Stephen and Chris have an uncanny genius for deconstructing the world of President Trump, and this series opens a new realm for them. Their vision will produce a comedy that makes waves, gets attention and plays great on our networks, including our streaming service.?Colbert routinely takes on Trump in his late-night show, where last month he and his crew went to St Petersburg to record several segments as part of The Late Show?s ?Russia Week?, a scathing commentary on the continuing saga of the president?s alleged ties to the Kremlin.The Trump avatar appeared on Trump?s election-night special, mocking the president?s rhetoric and rage in a short called The Making of Donald Trump. Tim Luecke, the man behind the Trump animation featured on Colbert?s Late Show segments, is set to reprise his role for the Showtime series.Today has also seen the announcement of a limited series based on the book Devil?s Bargain, which details the partnership between Trump and Steve Bannon. This fall also sees an election-inspired series of American Horror Story premiere.\r\nBJP MLA Raj Purohit has demanded that the Maharashtra government make the singing of 'Vande Mataram' compulsory in educational institutions in the state. In response, SP MLA Abu Azmi said no true Muslim will sing it as Islam doesn't permit it. Following this, Shiv Sena minister Diwakar Rawat said those who opposed the demand must shift to Pakistan. \r\n Legislators from the state were on Thursday involved in a row over making Vande Mataram mandatory in educational institutions in Maharashtra, in the wake of a recent Madras high court order. While BJP legislator Raj Purohit demanded that students in schools and colleges made to compulsorily sing the national song, Waris Pathan of the All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) and Abu Asim Azmi of Samajwadi Party (SP) said such a move was ?against their religion?. The row further intensified when Shiv Sena minister Diwakar Raote advised those opposed to the demand to shift to Pakistan.Referring to a recent Madras high court order, Purohit told mediapersons that he would give a letter to chief minister Devendra Fadnavis to make singing Vande Mataram compulsory in all schools, colleges and government offices. He said the demand would be raised in the Assembly, too, at an appropriate time. Read: Vande Mataram must be sung in schools, offices to instill patriotism: Madras HCReacting Purohit?s demand, Pathan said even if he was held at a gunpoint, he would not sing Vande Mataram. ?Our religion does not allow us to worship anything else but Allah. We respect the Constitution of India, which does not have any compulsory provision of singing the national song,?he told mediapersons. Pathan found support from Azmi. ?It is against the teaching of our religion and no Muslim will sing it,? said AzmiRaote waded into the controversy, saying those who do not want to worship their motherland should shift to Pakistan. ?Vande Mataram denotes independence of the country, and if anybody has issues with it, they should shift to Pakistan. I do not understand why they have such affection for Pakistan,? he told mediapersons.\r\nMaharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Thursday announced a loan waiver for an additional 10 lakh farmers who had been left out of last month's waiver, which amounted to over ?34,000 crore. This will reportedly add a ?8,000-crore burden on the state. Fadnavis further criticised the Opposition for alleged anomalies in the 2008-2009 loan waiver package. \r\nWidening the scope of the farm loan waiver, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Thursday said that the package would benefit about 10 lakh more farmers whose loans banks had restructured. Now, the loans of up to 46 lakh farmers will be waived. This will also put an additional burden of up to Rs8,000 crore on the exchequer.After days of protests last month, the government announced a loan waiver of Rs34,022 crore. A major chunk of the farmers whose outstanding loans were restructured in 2014-15 and 2015-16 owing to drought were left out. However, they were eligible for Rs15,000 and Rs25,000 in incentives because they paid their loans regularly. ?The outstanding amount of the farmers who got their loans restructured in 2014-15 and 2015-16 is Rs3,500 crore and Rs5,200 crore,? said an official from the cooperation department.In a reply to both the houses of the state legislature, Fadnavis said that the government would ensure that the package was not misused by ineligible people. He also refused to concede to the opposition?s demand to extend the cut off date to June 30, 2017 from June 30, 2016. He argued that this would set a bad precedent and was against the norms of the Reserve Bank of India. Fadnavis also attacked the opposition for alleged anomalies in the 2008-09 loan waiver package. He said at the time farmers in five-suicide prone districts in Vidarbha were given Rs286 crore, while farmers in Mumbai got Rs208 crore. ?There were beneficiaries from Mumbai who were not even farmers. They used this amount for commercial and construction works. A major chunk of waiver went to ghost accounts. Some of the banks even had revived their dormant accounts to reap the benefits. To avoid a repeat, we have asked farmers to fill up forms,? he said.The chief minister said that the government would scrutinise the list of more than 600 people from Mumbai, who had applied for the loan waiver. He also ridiculed the Congress and the NCP for their claim that the loan waiver was the result of their Sangharsh Yatra in April and May. He said that the protest march was a dud. In the legislative council too, Fadnavis said the erstwhile Congress-NCP government took?12 months and 15 months to disburse loan packages in 2008 and 2009 . ?The forms will be collected in a month. In August, we will scrutinise them and in September we will complete the first lot of the loan waiver,? he said. \r\nThe Centre informed the Lok Sabha there is no proposal in consideration to scrap Sahayak or buddy system in the Army. This comes after several jawans voiced their outrage against the system saying they are treated like servants by senior officers. Notably, under Sahayak system, a jawan is attached to officers and their duties include protecting and helping the officers.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 28 (PTI) No proposal is under consideration to scrap the Sahayak system in the Army, the government today said, notwithstanding rising cases of jawans coming out openly against the colonial-era provision. The clarification by Minister of State for Defence Subhash Bhamre came in the Lok Sabha in response to a question. "No proposal for scrapping the Sahayak system, presently in place in the Army, is under consideration in the Ministry at present," he said, in a brief written reply. Under the Sahayak or buddy system, a solider is attached to officers and their duties include protecting the officers, maintaining their weapons and equipment and helping them in carrying out their responsibilities. Last month, a senior Army official had said that the force is actively considering recruiting civilian staff in peace stations to do away with the Sakayak system. Earlier this year, a number of videos had surfaced where some army jawans were seen voicing their anger over the Sahayak system with some even alleging that they are treated as servants by the officers whom they are attached to. To a separate question, Bhamre said complaints by serving soldiers are dealt with by authorities concerned according to existing rules and policies. He said a study conducted by the Defence Institute of Psychological Research concluded that the major causes of suicides in the Army are domestic problems, marital discord, stress and financial problems. \r\nNorth Delhi mayor Preeti Aggarwal on Thursday directed the Municipal Commissioner to give all councillors ?25 lakh each during a North Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC) meeting. "She directed that each councillor be provided with ?25 lakh for development work in their respective wards," an official said. Delhi government's 'party politics' wasn't allowing NDMC to function, she reportedly said.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 27 (PTI) North Delhi Mayor Preety Agarwal today directed the municipal commissioner for facilitating councillors with funds to undertake development works in their respective wards. The mayor gave the direction to commissioner P K Gupta during a meeting of the North Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC). "She directed that each councillor be provided with Rs 25 lakh for development work in his/her respective wards," an official of the civic body said. \r\nCanadian PM Justin Trudeau was slammed after he explained why he had fought an indigenous politician in a boxing match in 2012. Trudeau recalled in an interview that he decided to fight politician Patrick Brazeau since it was "the right story to tell". "So 'privileged white guy beats up Indian' was the 'right kind of narrative?' Seriously?", a user tweeted.\r\nIn one corner stood Canada?s youngest senator, heavily tattooed and armed with a black belt in karate. In the other stood a lanky Justin Trudeau, the underdog whom bookies were giving 3-1 odds against.That 2012 boxing match marked a pivotal moment in Trudeau?s political career. But his account of the episode is now raising eyebrows, after he offered a glimpse into his decision to take on indigenous politician Patrick Brazeau.?It wasn?t random,? Trudeau told Rolling Stone magazine in an interview published this week. ?I wanted someone who would be a good foil, and we stumbled upon the scrappy tough-guy senator from an indigenous community. He fit the bill, and it was a very nice counterpoint. I saw it as the right kind of narrative, the right story to tell.?The comments ? part of a 6,800-word August cover story on the prime minister ? sparked immediate reaction. ?So ?privileged white guy beats up Indian? was the ?right kind of narrative?? Seriously?? wrote one person on Twitter, while another noted: ?White guy in power & entitlement looks 4 an #Indigenous human to beat up so he looks like a strong white dude. How precious & colonial supreme.?Others pointed to Trudeau?s much vaunted commitments to diversity and tackling the deep-rooted inequities facing many indigenous peoples in Canada. ?What is up @JustinTrudeau after all your talk of inclusion you brag about beating up a guy with the issues you swore to address,? tweeted one. Another said: ?Trudeau literally using indigenous people as political props.? The encounter came to a halt in the third round as Trudeau pummelled Brazeau in a corner, but it marked the beginning of Trudeau?s rise to Canada?s top office. Brazeau ? who told reporters after the match that it was his ego, not his reddened nose, that was most hurt ? would later be cast out of the Conservative caucus following a 2013 arrest for sexual assault and domestic abuse.As Trudeau?s description of planning the boxing match made the rounds online, some questioned how it squared with Trudeau?s promise to repair the country?s relationship with the more than 1.4 million indigenous peoples ? many of whom grapple with rates of poverty, incarceration and suicide that are much higher than non-indigenous Canadians.Many continue to reel from the effects of Canada?s church-run residential school system ? described by last year?s truth commission as a tool of cultural genocide ? while systemic inequalities have left some living in inadequate, overcrowded housing with undrinkable water.Algonquin artist Jay Odjick pointed to Trudeau?s comments as a possible explanation for the slow pace of reconciliation. ?Canada, your leader went to US media today saying that when he needed a villain to fit his narrative, an indigenous person was a good fit,? he wrote on Twitter. ?The sad fact is, WE are the only people he could get away with in terms of this. Think about perception if he had chosen another PoC person.? On Thursday, Trudeau?s office pointed to the launch of a national inquiry into missing and murdered Indigenous girls and women as well as government promises for investment in education, infrastructure and healthcare to highlight the prime minister?s commitment to Indigenous issues. ?He has made it clear that there is no relationship more important to him ? and to our government ? than reconciliation with Indigenous peoples,? a spokesperson for Trudeau said in a statement to the Guardian. ?We are fully committed to a renewed nation-to-nation relationship and to reconciliation.?The Rolling Stone interview ? promoted on the magazine with the question ?Why can?t he be our president?? ? prompted intense debate in Canada. Many lauded the profile, which included phrases such as ?For Trudeau, listening is seducing? and sought to contrast Trudeau with Donald Trump. Polls suggest Trudeau?s approval rating among Canadians remains high, at around 53%, 20 months after his government took power. But others reacted with skepticism, pointing to Trudeau?s broken promises on electoral reform and deficit spending as well as his government?s sluggish response in addressing indigenous issues.?This yearning for an anti-Trump to call their own means the US media are glossing over or ignoring the troubling similarities between both leaders, not the least of which is an obsession with celebrity that is ultimately counterproductive to governance,? wrote Toronto Star columnist Vinay Menon. ?The attention might be nice. But a bit more neighbourly honesty would be even better.?\r\nUS President Donald Trump has forced out his White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and named the Homeland Security Secretary, General John Kelly, as the replacement. This comes after Trump's new Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci slammed Priebus as a "fu**ing paranoid schizophrenic". Priebus has reportedly claimed that he resigned privately on Thursday.\r\nDonald Trump has forced out Reince Priebus as the White House chief of staff and replaced him with the homeland security secretary, Gen John Kelly.Trump tweeted: ?I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House chief of staff. He is a great American ? and a great leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my administration.?The departure of Priebus came as little surprise after he was the subject of a furious, foul-mouthed attack by new communications director Anthony Scaramucci, who claimed he would be asked to quit imminently. Priebus told the Wall Street Journal in a text message that he resigned privately on Thursday.Trump ? who in six months has now lost a chief of staff, deputy chief of staff, national security adviser, communications director and press secretary ? added on Twitter: ?I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!?According to a pooled report, Trump sent the tweets shortly after Air Force One landed back at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, following a trip to Long Island, New York. Priebus and Scaramucci were also on the flight.In a statement, the White House press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, said: ?General John Kelly is one of the true stars of the administration. He has helped seal the border and reduced illegal immigration by 70%. He is respected by everyone, especially the people at the Department of Homeland Security.?The entire administration loves him and no one is comparable. He will begin on Monday morning and a cabinet meeting will follow his swearing in Monday morning.?She added: ?The president thanks Reince Priebus for his service. They accomplished a lot together. He was loyal in his dedication to the president. The president thanks him and his family for his great service to the country, and he will always be a member of the Trump team.?Sanders then spoke to reporters outside her office. Asked if the decision was Priebus?s or Trump?s, she replied: ?We all serve at the pleasure of the president. The conversations about this started with the president and Reince about two weeks ago, in terms of timing.?She denied that the change had anything do with Scaramucci, and said Trump and Kelly had been ?talking about it for a while?.On Friday, Priebus said in a statement: ?It has been one of the greatest honours of my life to serve this president and our country. I want to thank the president for giving me this very special opportunity. I will continue to serve as a strong supporter of the president?s agenda and policies. I can?t think of a better person than John Kelly to succeed me and I wish him God?s blessings and great success.?In an interview with CNN just two hours after his departure was announced, Priebus paid homage to Trump. ?I am going to honor the president every day,? he said, adding: ?I?m always going to be a Trump fan. I?m on Team Trump.? He refused to respond to Scaramucci?s comments, saying: ?I?m not going to get into the mud.?While Priebus insisted he had resigned, there were strong hints that there was more under the surface. He said on CNN that the president had wanted to ?hit the reset button? and ?intuitively determined that it was time to do something differently?.On Friday, House speaker Paul Ryan, a close Priebus ally who has had a tense relationship with Trump, said: ?Reince Priebus has left it all out on the field, for our party and our country. Here is a guy from Kenosha, Wisconsin, who revitalized the Republican national committee and became White House chief of staff. He has served the president and the American people capably and passionately. He has achieved so much, and he has done it all with class. I could not be more proud to call Reince a dear friend.?He added: ?I congratulate Secretary Kelly on his appointment, and look forward to working with him to advance our agenda.?Priebus was one of the least powerful chiefs of staff in recent history, and his future had long been a matter of speculation. In a highly unorthodox move, Trump decided that Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon would serve as ?equal partners? in implementing his agenda.The gossip intensified rapidly a week ago, when Scaramucci was appointed as communications director despite Priebus?s objections. The former Wall Street banker claimed they were ?like brothers? but tensions soon flared.Scaramucci clearly suspected Priebus of leaking information to the media. This led him to call the New Yorker and give an interview in which he described Priebus as ?a fucking paranoid schizophrenic? who would soon be asked to resign.On Tuesday, Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday that no staff shakeup was in the cards. But according to media reports, he privately floated potential replacements including Kelly, deputy national security adviser Dina Powell, chief economic adviser Gary Cohn and former campaign adviser David Urban.In an interview earlier this week, Michael Steele, predecessor of Priebus as chairman of the Republican National Committee (RNC), said: ?It?s very clear the president has very little confidence in him. Reince?s head is on the block, as was Sean Spicer?s. Sean just got up and removed himself before the axe came down.?Priebus is the latest casualty in Trump?s West Wing. Others include national security adviser Michael Flynn, former deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh, press secretary Sean Spicer and press aide Michael Short.Priebus went out of his way to appease Trump?s insurgent candidacy during the 2016 election campaign. After Trump?s victory in the Indiana primary and Ted Cruz?s decision to drop out, Priebus declared Trump the presumptive nominee, though Ohio governor John Kasich was still in the race, and then used the full muscle of the RNC to quash efforts to deny Trump the Republican nomination at the party convention in Cleveland.He also went in person to Trump Tower in 2015 for Trump to sign a loyalty oath to the Republican party, a deeply unusual step for an RNC chair to court such a recalcitrant candidate.Kelly, meanwhile, has been arguably Trump?s favourite cabinet secretary and is leading efforts to build a wall on the Mexican border. Kelly ran the US southern command, which includes the military prison at Guant\xe1namo Bay. In 2010, his son, Lt Robert Michael Kelly, was killed after stepping on a landmine in Afghanistan.In a Memorial Day speech at Arlington national cemetery earlier this year, Trump said: ?I especially want to extend our gratitude to Secretary John Kelly for joining us today. Incredible man. I always like to call him General. He understands more than most ever could or ever will the wounds and burdens of war.?Kelly said in a statement he was honoured to be asked to serve as chief of staff, adding praise for the staff of the homeland security department: ?When I left the Marines, I never thought I would find as committed, as professional, as patriotic a group of individuals. I was wrong. You accomplish great things every day defending our nation and I know your exceptional work will continue.?Kelly?s appointment leaves a gap at the Department of Homeland Security. Claire McCaskill, the top-ranking Democrat on the Senate homeland security and governmental affairs committee, said: ?General Kelly has a long history of service to our country and I had a good working relationship with him as secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. With the threats facing this nation, I urge the president to nominate a qualified secretary to replace General Kelly as quickly as possible.?In a week of exceptional turmoil, Trump has also turned his ire on Jeff Sessions, the attorney general, accusing him of weakness for recusing himself from the investigation into the Trump campaign?s alleged collusion with Russia.\r\nThe Congress flew 44 of its Gujarat MLAs to Bengaluru on Friday night to reportedly prevent them from switching sides to the BJP. This comes after six Congress MLAs resigned, and five of them joined the BJP over the last two days. The legislators will reportedly stay at a resort till the Rajya Sabha elections on August 8.\r\nAfter 6 Congress MLAs left the party in Gujarat ahead of the crucial Rajya Sabha election, Congress flew several of its remaining MLAs outside the state to prevent, what they call, horse-trading."To ensure BJP is not successful, 44 of us Congress MLAs are leaving from Gujarat for Bengaluru," Congress MLA Shailesh Parmar had said."To hide their failure, BJP is trying to make sure our MLAs resign by offering money and through police pressure," he said.In the end 4 MLAs stayed back in Gujarat, but 40 have landed in Bengaluru, in Karnataka. They will stay at Eagleton resort.'ENGINEERING DEFECTIONS' The Congress, which had 57 MLAs in the 182-member Assembly, has accused the BJP of using money, muscle and state power in Gujarat to engineer defections.Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi warned MLAs of the "serious consequences" of anti-defection and anti-corruption laws that could bar them from contesting elections for up to six years and lead to imprisonment of up to seven years.He recalled court judgements that termed defections a "constitutional sin" and unprincipled defections a "social evil"."Crores of rupees have been spent in horse-trading in Gujarat by the BJP. You have seen this naked drama... The policy of the BJP in Gujarat is - by hook or by crook, come to power by breaking all laws," Singhvi said.For the three Rajya Sabha seats of Gujarat, BJP has fielded Amit Shah and Smriti Irani while the Congress has, for the third seat in the state, once again backed Ahmed Patel, the political secretary of Sonia Gandhi.The defections may have a bearing on the election for this seat.Singhvi alleged Congress Gujarat MLA Punabhai Gamit was offered Rs 10 crore by the BJP. Singhvi also accused the BJP of adopting unlawful measures and, with the use of money and power, forcing the Congress MLAs to switch sides and quit the Assembly. Also read:All eyes on Vaghela as BJP seeks to checkmate Ahmed Patel in Gujarat Rajya Sabha polls 2 more Gujarat Congress MLAs join BJP, 3 had done yesterdayHow Shankersinh Vaghela's expulsion spells doom for Congress ahead of Gujarat Assembly pollsGujarat RS polls: Ahmed Patel files nominationWho is Shankersinh Vaghela? A look at his illustrious political journey\xa0ALSO WATCH:\r\nBengaluru was ranked 40th on Dell's annual Women Entrepreneur (WE) Cities Index of the world's top 50 cities that foster the growth of women entrepreneurs. New York topped the list, followed by Bay Area, London, and Boston. The study ranked cities based on the impact of local policies, programmes, and characteristics in addition to national laws and customs.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 27 (PTI) Bengaluru may be Indias Silicon Valley but ranks at the 40th spot among the top 50 global cities that foster high-potential women entrepreneurs, according to a report by tech giant Dell. The only other Indian city in the top 50 tally is Delhi, that at the 49th spot, just ahead of Jakarta. Dell, as part of its annual Women Entrepreneur (WE) Cities Index, ranks cities in terms of its ability to attract and foster growth of women-owned firms. New York ranked numero uno in the list, followed by Bay Area, London, Boston and Stockholm. Singapore was at the 8th spot overall, the only city from Asia Pacific and Japan region. The study ranked cities based on the impact of local policies, programmes and characteristics in addition to national laws and customs. \r\nRajya Sabha proceedings were adjourned on Friday after Congress members reportedly created a disturbance to protest the alleged abduction of their MLA by police in Gujarat. They also accused BJP of 'stealing' MLAs to influence the upcoming Rajya Sabha elections and forced repeated adjournments. Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi demanded Congress' apology to Gujarat for 'tarnishing its image'. \r\nThe Rajya Sabha proceedings were washed out on?Friday amid ruckus as Congress members indulged in vociferous sloganeering through the day to protest the alleged abduction of their MLA by policemen in Gujarat and their BJP MPs charging them with defaming the state.Read more | Congress in Gujarat loses another MLA, taking tally to 6, ahead of RS pollThe House witnessed repeated adjournments right from the word go, as noisy scenes over the issue disrupted the Question Hour, the Zero Hour and later the private members? and official legislative business.When the House met at 2.30 pm after four adjournments in the pre-lunch session, Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi demanded that the Opposition should tender an apology to Gujarat for tarnishing its image.The Congress MPs were alleging that the Gujarat policemen had abducted its MLA in the state with a view to influence the upcoming elections to the Upper House.?This morning during the Zero Hour and Question Hour, Leader of the Opposition (Ghulam Nabi Azad) and Anand Sharma had made objectionable statements to defame Gujarat. They said Gujarat which was earlier a safe haven for state encounters has witnessed kidnapping of an MLA for stealing of votes. The Leader of the Opposition, Chief Whip (in Gujarat) ... have deserted the (Congress) party, MLAs are quitting...,? Naqvi said asking the opposition to apologise to Gujarat.Asking the Congress members to indulge in ?self introspection?, he said despite getting (politically) battered, the party has not realised the gravity (Inka band- baaja baj chuka hai, aur uske baad bhi inko ehsaas nahin hai).As BJP members were on their feet and raised slogans like ?shame-shame? to taunt the Congress, Naqvi said the people of Gujarat have been ?deeply hurt by this conspiracy? and the Congress should apologise to them. He also claimed that the Gujarat elections will be held in a fair and free atmosphere.The Congress members trooped into the Well raising slogans like ?stop murder of democracy?.In a bid to run the House, Deputy Chairman P J Kurien asked the Congress members whether they wanted to apologise for ?what you said in the morning?. However, he did not get any response from them.Kurien also asked the ruling party members to help in running the House.Irked at not getting any response from either side, Kurien repeatedly warned that he would be forced to adjourn the House. ?Both sides are not cooperating. Both sides are shouting. They are creating problems...I will have to adjourn the House. This is the time for Private Members? business and if the members do not cooperate, I will be forced to adjourn.??I am helpless,? the Deputy Chairman said before adjourning the House for the day.Congress members had earlier repeatedly trooped into the Well raising anti-government slogans and charging the BJP with ?stealing? MLAs to help its candidates win the Rajya Sabha polls, forcing brief adjournments one after the other.The House was adjourned twice during Zero Hour after it had assembled for the day and then twice again during the Question Hour till 2.30 PM.Soon after the House assembled, Kurien first adjourned the proceedings for 10 minutes as Congress leaders, including Leader of Opposition Ghulam Nabi Azad and Congress? deputy leader Anand Sharma, raised the issue and the party members stormed the Well raising slogans.Similar scenes were witnessed when the House met again, forcing Kurien to adjourn the proceedings till noon. A repeat of the protests saw Chairman Hamid Ansari to adjourn the House for 15 minutes after it reassembled.As there was no let-up in the opposition protests, the House was again adjourned till 1430 hours, with Chairman Ansari saying the deputy chairman has said that matters relating to elections are dealt by the concerned agencies.Raising the issue, Azad said three Congress MLAs who had resigned from the party and one of them was immediately named as the BJP candidate for the upcoming Rajya Sabha polls.He said Punabhai Gamit, MLA from reserved constituency of Vyara, after attending district Congress executive committee, had gone for a cup of tea to another MLA?s house when district superintendent of police ?abducted? him.Azad alleged that the police officer told the MLA that Congress has decided not to give him a ticket for the upcoming assembly polls. So he should leave the party and join the BJP and he would arrange his meeting with the BJP president and get him the ticket, he claimed.He said the police officer who had picked up the Congress MLA was the one who was arrested in a fake encounter case. The legislator managed to flee when he asked the police officer to allow him to get a changeover of clothes, he claimed.?You are stealing MLAs by using the police (to garner votes),? Azad said, adding ?You should be ashamed.?The charge was vehemently denied by Naqvi, saying ?this is wrong. The Election Commission is conducting free and fair elections.?Earlier, Sharma had raised the issue through a point of order saying the Constitution was being violated by the ruling BJP which was using the police to ?abduct? MLAs.?They are stealing MLAs,? he said, adding that it must be guaranteed that the biennial elections to the Rajya Sabha are free and fair and the ?abducted? MLAs released.Union Minister Parshottam Rupala also sought to counter the charge saying it was an internal matter of the Congress whose MLAs, including the leader of the party in the Gujarat assembly, were deserting it.?Why are you complaining here,? he said, adding ?You are not taking care of your own house and are accusing us. Your own people are leaving you?.Naqvi said it is the Election Commission?s responsibility to hold free and fair elections. ?If they have a complaint, they should go to Election Commission. Rajya Sabha is not the place to protest.??You have to protect the Constitution ... Voters are being kidnapped where do we go,? Azad said.Kurien said the Chair has nothing to do with elections. ?If what has been narrated has happened, solution lies elsewhere. You can approach police, you can approach election commission and seek remedy. I have no remedy for this.?He asked protesting members to return to their seats but his pleas went unheeded. ?What is the use of obstructing,? he asked before adjourning the proceedings for 10 minutes.When the House reassembled, Anand Sharma again raised the issue of abduction. To this, Kurein asked what could he do.Azad suggested that the Chair could give a direction to the Election Commission to ensure fair election. He said the officer involved in the incident should be removed.Kurien, however, said the Election Commission ?does not require a direction from the Chair? to conduct free and fair election, as it is bound to do so and ?they are doing it. ... If you have a complaint, approach Election Commission.?During the Question Hour, Sitaram Yechury (CPI-M) said incidents like abduction of an MLA by a police officer was not acceptable and sought the Chair?s protection to save democracy.Naqvi also took pot-shots at the main opposition party, sarcastically saying they would now demand a direction to the Surpreme Court as several of their members were ?involved in corruption? cases.\r\nCongress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Thursday claimed that he knew about Bihar CM Nitish Kumar's plans to leave the Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance and form a new government with BJP for the past three or four months. Adding that people go to any extent for power, he said there was no rule or credibility in Indian politics.\r\nHitting out at Nitish Kumar for joining hands with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Bihar, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi said that he knew that such a plan was in the making for the last three-four months."We knew that this (Nitish joining hands with BJP) was being planned for the last three-four months. A person can go to any limits for his own benefit," Rahul Gandhi said. The Congress leader said that Nitish Kumar was given the mandate for his fight against anti-communal forces but now he has joined hands with the same forces. The big question, however, is that if Rahul Gandhi knew that Nitish Kumar-led JD(U) was in talks with the BJP to look at the possibility of rebuilding the alliance, did he do anything to put a stop to such plans. RAHUL DID NOT ACT, SAYS NITISHAfter tendering his resignation as Chief Minister of Bihar, Nitish Kumar said that in the current circumstances, where deputy chief minister Tejashwi Yadav was accused of corruption, he was finding it difficult to continue "to be in power".Nitish Kumar, in an attack on Rahul Gandhi, said that while the Congress vice-president tore the ordinance exempting politicians from facing corruption charges, he did not do anything to save the Grand Alliance. A few days ago, Nitish Kumar had met Rahul Gandhi in New Delhi where the two reportedly talked about the corruption charges against Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) chief Lalu Prasad and his family members, including son and deputy chief minister Tejashwi Yadav.At the meeting, Nitish Kumar was believed to have conveyed to Rahul Gandhi that under present circumstances Tejashwi Yadav could not continue in his Cabinet.Given Congress' long association with RJD, many would argue that the former could have convinced Lalu Prasad to ask his son to quit the Cabinet for the time-being. SOMETHING SIMILAR HAPPENED IN GOA TOOThis, however, is not the first time when Rahul Gandhi and the Congress leadership were found to be on the back foot despite having prior knowledge about the situation threatening to go out of their hands.In the recent Assembly election in Goa, the Congress had more seats than the BJP but lost the chance of forming the government due to alleged delay in decision-making by the leadership. As an active BJP reached out to everyone it could to get the numbers on its side, sources in the Congress said that the leadership, in particular Digvijaya Singh, was late in deciding on the leader of the legislature party. Disgruntled Congress MLA Vishwajit Rane put in his papers and joined the BJP, blaming the leadership for delay in decision-making. \xa0"We waited from 11 am to 5 pm not knowing anything about what is happening but BJP swiftly acted," said Congress MLA Jennifer Monserrate.Rahul Gandhi, while crying foul over BJP forming the governments in Goa and Manipur where Congress had more seats, accused the BJP of stealing the mandate by using "financial power".ALSO READ:Why Nitish Kumar has almost killed Opposition chances to challenge Modi with a Grand Alliance in 2019 \r\nThe Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) has sought ?2,000 crore from the Uttar Pradesh government to acquire the initial 1,000 hectares of agricultural land for the Noida International Airport project. However, the Uttar Pradesh government wants the Centre to fund this project, or at least share 50% of the ?2,000 crore amount with the state, YEIDA officials said. \r\nThe Uttar Pradesh civil aviation department has written to the state government asking it to discuss the funding pattern of the ?Noida International Airport? at Jewar with the Centre at the earliest.The Union civil aviation ministry had on June 24 given its approval to build an international airport at Jewar. Now, the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) has sought Rs2,000 crore from the state government to acquire the initial 1,000 hectares of agricultural land for the project. On the whole, the project requires 5,000 hectares.YEIDA does not have the funds to begin land acquisition, and hence, requires financial help from the Uttar Pradesh (UP)?government, which wants the Centre to fund this project that needs an investment of a whopping Rs20,000 crore, according to officials of the YEIDA.?UP civil aviation department has suggested three options to funding land acquisition for the project. The first option is that the Centre gives Rs2,000 crore for land acquisition. The second is that UP and the Centre share 50% each of the Rs2,000 crore amount. The third option is that the YEIDA and the Airports Authority of India sign a memorandum of understanding to raise Rs200 crore, and raise the remaining Rs1,800 crore through loans,? said Arun Vir Singh, chief executive officer, YEIDA.The YEIDA is facing a fund crunch as it owes Rs3,000 crore to various government bodies and banks. Immediately after approval of the Jewar airport project, it had written to the chief minister seeking funds to begin land acquisition. However, the state government wants the Centre?s help for it.?As per the third option, YEIDA and the Airports Authority of India will contribute Rs100 crore each so that the two can seek a loan of Rs1,800 crore. However, we do not want to fund Rs100 crore either. Now, the UP government will discuss these issues with the Central government and expedite the project,? said Singh.Officials at YEIDA said that issues between the state and Central governments regarding the funding pattern should be finalised at the earliest to fast-track the project. If these issues take a long time, then the project is bound to be delayed, they added.?We need to hire a private consultant to prepare a techno-feasibility study of the airport project. This study is crucial to take it to next stage. However, the consultant will be roped in only after funding pattern is finalised,? Singh said.\r\nActress Kriti Sanon has said that when she was struggling to enter films, somebody told her she was too good-looking and there have to be imperfections for looking real onscreen. She added, "I think I did feel low, but at the same time, I did have people who believed in me." Kriti made her Bollywood debut with 2014 film 'Heropanti'.\r\nAlthough actor Kriti Sanon is just three films old, she has already been directed by some of the best filmmakers and co-starred with actors such as Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol. However, it wasn?t an easy start for her, considering she had to face some bizarre criticism in the aspiring actor phase.?There were some low phases in my life; there were films offered by big banners, but they were not the best debut projects. So, I had to tell myself that I should be patient and good things will happen to me,? says Kriti, who was born and brought up in Delhi and shifted to Mumbai to try her luck in Bollywood.The actor, who turned 27 on Thursday, adds, ?There were days when I was annoyed and irritated. On some days, I used to cry, because there was nothing to keep me busy. There were also times when I met a few people who told me that something was not right about me ? someone told me, ?You?re too good-looking. There has to be some sort of imperfection in you to look real on screen.? I think I did feel low, but at the same time, I did have people who believed in me a lot. That?s what you need. I think that gave me a little more confidence.? Kriti, who made her debut with Tiger Shroff in Heropanti (2014), went on to star in Dilwale (2015) and this year?s Raabta. Her personal life made headlines when she was linked up with her Raabta co-star Sushant Singh Rajput. Neither of them has ever accepted it publicly, and Kriti says that negative stories do affect her.?I think I?ve made peace with all these rumours, but having said that, I?m also human and anything written about me does affect me. Though I know that the news is not true, being written in a negative way does make me feel bad. But it?s more important to move on from such things and focus on something exciting and positive,? says Kriti, who will soon be seen in Bareilly Ki Barfi.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA 20-year-old man was allegedly beaten to death by three men in Delhi after he sought more time to pay back ?1,500 that he had borrowed from one of them. The accused chased the man even after he scaled a railway station wall. They were arrested by police who spotted them beating up the victim on the railway platform. \r\nIn an extreme form of street crime, three men chased a 20-year-old youth for several hundred metres before beating him to death on the main platform of the busy Adarsh Nagar railway station in north Delhi.At least 50 passengers and vendors stood and watched as the three men rained punches and kicks on Rahul?s head, chest and private parts. The three could have easily gotten away after the murder but for a head constable who decided to take on the killers and nab them.While Rahul could never live to tell his story, the killers have claimed in police interrogation that they were chasing Rahul as he had allegedly snatched Rs20,000 from one of their hands. No cash, however, was found on Rahul?s body or pockets after his murder.A resident of Jahangirpuri in north Delhi, Rahul worked as a loader at the wholesale vegetable market in Azadpur. His job bringing in very little money, he was in desperate need of money recently. On Thursday afternoon, he met a trucker friend in the vegetable market.?The trucker was carrying Rs 20,000 with him and Rahul saw that. He requested that the money be lent to him for a few days, but the truck driver refused. Suddenly, Rahul snatched the money and ran,? said an investigator quoting the killers.Road rage to fight over food bill: Why Delhi is on short fuseThe trucker allegedly called on his two friends, who too work as loaders, as they began chasing Rahul. What really led to the chase and the murder is entirely based on the claims of the suspects. In any case, Rahul sprinted from the market with the three men close on his heels. ?He ran for several hundred metres before scaling a wall to land at the premises of the Adarsh Nagar railway station. He must have thought he was safe amid a large gathering of train passengers, but he was not spared,? said an investigator.Rahul found himself surrounded by the men on platform number 1, barely a few metres from the station?s main entrance. ?The men did not have any weapons on them. They thrashed him. Rahul initially tried to fight back, but collapsed after receiving a few blows,? said a railway staffer, who was at the platform at that time.Not a single passenger dared to take on the killers. But one of them managed to alert a policeman who was deployed at the station. He and a home guard chased the killers and caught them from the station premises itself. They have been arrested and identified as Ravi, Lalit and Rajender.Police have said they are awaiting the autopsy report to confirm blow to which body part led to Rahul?s death. The police continue to investigate if Rahul had actually snatched the money or there was some other motive behind the murder.\r\nThe official website of Noida's Galgotias University was hacked on Tuesday and pro-Pakistan slogans were posted on its home page. The website, which remained hacked for an hour-and-a-half, had hate messages and slogans such as 'Pakistan Zindabad', 'ISI Zindabad' and 'India Banee gaa PAKISTAN'. The issue was resolved internally and the website was restored by the university's IT cell.\r\n The official website of Galgotias University was hacked on Tuesday evening and pro-Pakistan slogans were posted on the home page. The website was later restored and a compliant was lodged with the Noida?s cyber cell.The home page for over an hour contained slogans such as ?Pakistan Zindabad?, Pak Army Zindabad?, ?ISI Zinadabad?, ?India Banee gaa PAKISTAN? and  ?Cyber War Never End?.Shrishant Sharma, university spokesperson, said, ?The website was hacked for about an hour-and-a-half on Tuesday evening before it was restored by our IT cell. We had reported the incident to the district cyber cell and the Dankaur police station.?The website was hacked by an user named Urr@R.?Between 8pm and 10pm on Tuesday, the university?s website was hacked by some miscreants and hate messages and pro-Pakistan slogans were posted on its home page. The issue was resolved internally by the university?s IT team and the website was restored. The hacker breached the website?s firewall security and temporarily took over the website,? Rakesh Sharma, a police personnel at Gautam Budh Nagar?s Cyber Cell.Sharma said, ?We have asked the university to provide details of their servers and IP details and we are questioning people in connection with the case. The university has not reported any theft of information by the hackers.?Cyber attack and posting of hate messages is not so common in the district. A similar case wherein hackers had posted anti-India slogans and hate messages was reported about two years ago, Sharma said.A case has been registered under Section 66 of the Information Technology Act, 2000.In April this year, hackers had attacked the servers of  IIT-Delhi, Banaras Hindu University, Delhi University and Aligarh Muslim University.Other universities and educational institutions whose websites were reportedly hacked earlier this year were University of Kota; Army Institute of Management and Technology, Greater Noida; Defence Institute of Advanced Technology; Army Institute of Management, Kolkata; National Aerospace Laboratories and Board of Research in Nuclear Sciences, Mumbai. \r\nThe Maharashtra government reportedly plans to launch a mobile app which can be used by farmers to fill loan waiver forms. The app will have a two-page form in which farmers will have to put their personal details including name, PAN card number, and Aadhaar number. Farmers benefiting from last month's loan waiver are expected to fill the forms. \r\nThe Maharashtra government plans to launch a mobile app where farmers can fill their loan waiver forms.Around 89 lakh farmers, who will benefit from the farm loan waiver of Rs34,022 crore announced last month, are expected to fill their personal and loan-related details in the forms. The app will have a two-page form in which the farmers will have to put their personal details, including name, PAN and Aadhaar numbers, details of the loans they have taken and a declaration that the applicant is eligible for the loan waiver. It will also have details of loan waiver schemes, nearest service centres and schemes launched for farmers.Read:  Maharashtra farm loan waiver will help BJP but leave state finances in tattersThe government has urged legislators to help farmers in their constituencies to fill the forms online, through mobile app or offline so the process is completed at the earliest. ?The app will be launched in the next couple of days. Besides, we have 26,000 service centres at village levels where farmers can fill the forms. Forms filled offline will be uploaded by the government staff at the centres,? said chief minister Devendra Fadnavis. The government has made KYC linking mandatory to avoid misappropriation which was witnessed during loan waiver given in 2008-09. \r\nA 17-year-old boy in Delhi was forced to drink acid by a group of men following an argument that started when he refused to sell them paneer owing to a shortage of fresh stock, according to reports. The men reportedly held the victim inside the dairy shop run by his family and forcefully poured acid into his mouth. \r\nA group of four youth allegedly forced a 17-year-old to drink acid after he reportedly refused to sell them cottage cheese in southeast Delhi?s Sangam Vihar area on Tuesday night.On Monday, Yogesh and his mother Mamta Devi, who run a dairy shop on the ground floor of their house, were at the counter when two youths came to buy cottage cheese around 9pm. When Devi told them the stock was over, the youths reportedly barged inside the shop, insisting that they saw it in the fridge and she cannot refuse to sell it.?I told them that I do not have any left and that they can buy it in the morning once I get the fresh stock but they forcefully entered the shop and started checking the refrigerator,? said Devi. ?My son asked them to leave the shop. The youths overturned the cupboard and even slapped by son when he tried to intervened. When I raised an alarm, the youths left the shop but threatened to return. They got out of the shop, picked up a knife from the vegetable cart parked in the area and threatened to stab my son. They, however, had to leave as many people had gathered by then,? Devi said.Road rage to fight over food bill: Why Delhi is on short fuseThe next day, the youths reportedly returned to the shop with a group of other men when Yogesh was alone in the shop. They held him inside the shop and forced acid down his throat.?Yogesh was about to draw the shutter and come back home. I was waiting for him when I heard a loud scream. I went to see if he was fine and saw a group of boys running out of the shop,? she said. ?When I went downstairs, I saw Yogesh vomiting blood. His entire mouth had burnt and he was seething with pain. We rushed him to the hospital. It was later that I found out that they were the same boys who threatened to kill him yesterday,? she said.DCP southeast, Romil Baaniya said, ?We received a call from the Majeedia Hospital, regarding the admission of Yogesh with acid burns. He was later referred to AIIMS. His sister told us that on the day of incident, three boys, out of them one identified as Golu, poured acid in her brother?s mouth. A case of voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons has been registered in the matter. Raids to arrest the youths are on.?\r\nThe Maharashtra government is reportedly considering reserving seats in colleges for students who live nearby. This comes after several legislators complained that junior college students are forced to travel longer distances despite having many colleges near their homes. Education Minister Vinod Tawde said the department will hold a meeting of all stakeholders to discuss the issue.\r\nAfter demands by legislators, the state government is considering reserving seats in colleges for students who live close to them.Saying that junior college students were forced to travel longer distances despite having many colleges near their homes, legislators from all parties on Thursday demanded that a few seats be reserved in colleges for students living in the vicinity. The state education department said it will hold a meeting with elected representatives and stakeholders to consider admitting students in colleges near their homes and request the Bombay high court to amend the existing rules.Legislators said since online admissions were based on the marks student secure, students from Colaba and Fort are made to travel as far as Borivli or Ghatkopar and students in Ghatkopar get admission in Goregaon colleges. Colaba?s BJP MLA Raj Purohit said it was unfair for students living in south Mumbai, which has the most colleges, as they are forced to travel to suburban colleges because of their marks. Congress? Aslam Shaikh and Shiv Sena?s Sunil Prabhu supported Purohit and said a certain amount of seats should be reserved for students living nearby. Education minister Vinod Tawde said the department would convene a meeting of all stakeholders and legislators to discuss the issue. ?Admission norms are based on merit and the marks obtained by students. The procedure we follow has been approved by the Bombay high court. We are positive about changing the norms to allow students to bag seats in colleges near them,? he said. BJP?s Sunil Deshmukh, however, opposed the demand and said admissions should be granted based on merit and that would be unjust for high-scorers as they could be denied admission to good colleges. While updating legislators about this year?s junior college admissions, Tawde said, ?About 2.68 lakh students in Mumbai have sought admissions in FYJC and the government has made arrangements for 15,000 more seats. The students faced difficulties after the website crashed. About 10,000 students changed their minds after filing the forms and figuring in the first list. This too inconvenienced other students.? He added, ?When we conducted a survey to study the reasons behind students? such decisions, we found that students were in two minds about admissions owing to the absence of counselling.? \r\nWhite House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci was quoted in an interview calling Chief of Staff Reince Priebus "a fuc**ng paranoid schizophrenic". He also used foul language to describe Chief Strategist Steve Bannon. Earlier, Scaramucci had warned that he would "fire everybody" in the White House over leaks allegedly by the staff. \r\nDonald Trump?s new communications director has launched an extraordinary, foul-mouthed tirade against two senior colleagues, raising the prospect of all-out civil war at the White House.Anthony Scaramucci told an interviewer that the chief of staff, Reince Priebus, was ?a fucking paranoid schizophrenic? who would be asked to resign, and that Scaramucci was not like Steve Bannon, the chief strategist, because ?I?m not trying to suck my own cock?.The profane language was shocking even by the standards of the Trump era and suggested that a major staff shake-up is imminent.The New Yorker correspondent Ryan Lizza wrote that Scaramucci called him on Wednesday night, angry that Lizza had tweeted that the communications director was having dinner at the White House with Trump; his wife, Melania; the Fox News host Sean Hannity; and the former Fox News executive Bill Shine.?Who leaked that to you?? Scaramucci demanded, according to Lizza?s account. When the journalist refused to disclose his source, Scaramucci allegedly threatened: ?What I?m going to do is, I will eliminate everyone in the comms team and we?ll start over.?I sometimes use colorful language. I will refrain in this arena but not give up the passionate fight for @realDonaldTrump's agenda. #MAGAHe is quoted as saying: ?I ask these guys not to leak anything, and they can?t help themselves. You?re an American citizen, this is a major catastrophe for the American country. So I?m asking you as an American patriot to give me a sense of who leaked it.?According to Lizza, Scaramucci believed the fact that the dinner had been exposed was evidence that his rivals, and Priebus in particular, were conspiring against him. As they discussed the matter further, Lizza writes, Scaramucci ?was getting more and more worked up, and he eventually convinced himself that Priebus was my source?.?The Mooch?, as he is known, said: ?They?ll all be fired by me. I fired one guy the other day. I have three to four people I?ll fire tomorrow. I?ll get to the person who leaked that to you. Reince Priebus ? if you want to leak something ? he?ll be asked to resign very shortly.?Scaramucci said he told Trump that he expected Priebus to launch a campaign against him, Lizza writes. Scaramucci believed Priebus had been disturbed by the dinner because he was not invited. ?Reince is a fucking paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac,? he is quoted as saying.Scaramucci then parodied Priebus: ??Oh, Bill Shine is coming in. Let me leak the fucking thing and see if I can cock-block these people the way I cock-blocked Scaramucci for six months.??Scaramucci has reportedly long blamed Priebus for keeping him out of the White House when Trump took office in January, despite his loyalty to the Trump campaign.On Thursday night, Scaramucci did not apologise, but promised not to use swear words again in his new job. ?I sometimes use colorful language,? he tweeted. ?I will refrain in this arena but not give up the passionate fight for Donald Trump?s agenda.?That was followed up by: ?I made a mistake in trusting in a reporter. It won?t happen again.?I made a mistake in trusting in a reporter. It won't happen again.In an interview with Fox News? The Story With Martha MacCallum on Thursday, the White House press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, said of her boss: ?He?s very passionate about the president and the president?s agenda, and I think he may have let that get the best of him in that conversation.?She added: ?We?re focused on the agenda, moving forward, and sometimes, people in the staff get pretty passionate about that. Hopefully, they?ll reel some of their language in. But again, I?m very focused, I know the president?s very focused, and his team is, on pushing his agenda forward.? On Wednesday, Scaramucci promised to contact investigators over what he said was an illegal leak of his financial disclosure form. The comment came in a tweet that mentioned the Twitter handle of Priebus. After deleting the tweet, Scaramucci denied that it was a threat to the chief of staff.Scaramucci told the New Yorker he had called the FBI and justice department and, describing himself in the third person ? as Trump sometimes does ? he continued: ?The swamp will not defeat him. They?re trying to resist me, but it?s not going to work. I?ve done nothing wrong on my financial disclosures, so they?re going to have to go fuck themselves.?It later became clear that Scaramucci?s financial disclosure form had not in fact been leaked. It was released after a public records request by the Politico website.Lizza also writes that, despite his recent barrage of TV interviews, Scaramucci told him he had no interest in media attention. ?I?m not Steve Bannon, I?m not trying to suck my own cock. I?m not trying to build my own brand off the fucking strength of the president. I?m here to serve the country.?Both Priebus and Bannon reportedly opposed Scaramucci?s appointment last week as communications director. Trump?s daughter, Ivanka, and son-in-law Jared Kushner are said to have supported it.Lizza wrote of the astonishing interview: ?I got the sense that Scaramucci?s campaign against leakers flows from his intense loyalty to Trump. Unlike other Trump advisers, I?ve never heard him say a bad word about the president. ?What I want to do is I want to fucking kill all the leakers and I want to get the president?s agenda on track so we can succeed for the American people,? he told me.?He cryptically suggested that he had more information about White House aides. ?OK, the Mooch showed up a week ago,? he said. ?This is going to get cleaned up very shortly, OK? Because I nailed these guys. I?ve got digital fingerprints on everything they?ve done through the FBI and the fucking Department of Justice.??Ron Klain, a lawyer and former senior aide to Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, tweeted that Scaramucci had violated White House policy by calling the Department of Justice. Klain highlighted a policy document showing that only the president, vice-president, counsel to the president and deputy counsel to the president ?may initiate a conversation with the justice department about a specific case or investigation?.At Thursday?s White House press briefing, Huckabee Sanders avoided giving a direct answer when asked whether Trump has confidence in Priebus.?This is a White House that has a lot of different perspectives, because the president hires the very best people,? she said. ?They?re not always going to agree. There are going to be a lot of different ideas. Unlike previous administrations, this isn?t groupthink. We all come and have a chance to voice those ideas, voice those perspectives, and have a lot of healthy competition. And with that competition you usually get the best results.?And in a CNN interview, Scaramucci compared his relationship with Priebus to that of brothers who are ?rough on each other?. He said: ?Some brothers are like Cain and Abel. Other brothers can fight with each other and get along. I don?t know if this is reparable or not ? that will be up to the president.?\r\n'Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets', which released on Friday, is a "visually dazzling passion project (that) can't take flight," wrote Hindustan Times. "The audience is left with ocular diabetes and hardly any savoury storytelling," wrote Times Of India, while Koimoi called the film "too predictable". The film has been rated 1/5 (HT), 3.5/5 (TOI) and 1.5/5 (Koimoi).\r\nValerian and the City of a Thousand PlanetsDirector - Luc BessonCast - Dane DeHaan, Cara Delevingne, Clive Owen, Ethan Hawke, RihannaRating - 1/5A spectre looms over Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets. When everything is said and done, and Luc Besson has stubbed out his last cigarette, forced to vacate the table he has occupied for six hours at a lonely Parisian caf\xe9 where he has been smoking away his sorrows, we will know that his new film is one of those legendary box office bombs ? the sort of film that?s written about for years to come, and spoken about only in hushed tones.{"@context":"http://schema.org","@type":"Review","author": {"@type":"Person","name":"Rohan Naahar","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/columns/rohan-naahar"},"datePublished":"2017-07-28","description":"Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets movie review: Luc Besson?s visually dazzling passion project can?t take flight, despite a game Cara Delevingne, and occasional Bhangra music.","inLanguage":"en","itemReviewed": {"@type":"Movie","name":"Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets","image":"http://i.imgur.com/ZjHnsxq.jpg","sameAs":"http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2239822/","datePublished":"2017-07-28","director": {"@type":"Person","name":"Luc Besson"},"actor": [{"@type": "Person","name": "Dane DeHaan","sameAs": ""},{"@type": "Person","name": "Cara Delevingne","sameAs": ""}]},"publisher": {"@type":"Organization","name":"Hindustan Times","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/"},"reviewRating": {"@type":"Rating","worstRating":0.0,"bestRating":5,"ratingValue":"1"}}Like Gore Verbinski?s The Lone Ranger and The Wachowskis? Speed Racer, and Cloud Atlas and Jupiter Ascending ? they really are having a terrible time ? it will go down in the history of cinema as one of the most staggeringly ambitious failures of the new millennium.But let?s not hold that against the film, shall we?From its opening couple of scenes, when David Bowie plays over lavish shots of space, it is quite clear that Besson is attempting to recreate the success of his calling card movie, The Fifth Element, and the two Guardians of the Galaxy films. Whether or not this was done retroactively is up for debate.A thoroughly miscast Dane DeHaan ? who is usually better suited to play meek, psychologically hurt misfits, but here, Besson has cast him an intergalactic rake ? plays Valerian. A refreshingly-chipper Cara Delevingne plays his partner, Laureline, who, in a sexist turn of events, has been omitted from the film?s title, and spends most of her time shutting down his creepy advances. Together, they are inter-dimensional secret agents trying to get to the bottom of an inter-dimensional smuggling operation which involves pearls pooped by a half-raccoon-half-anteater type creature.Besson structures the film in such an odd manner that every scene appears to exist in its own, separate movie. The immensely-detailed world-building doesn?t help. As Valerian and Laureline jump from one dimension to another ? it could be a seaside paradise, or an underwater kingdom populated by monsters ? the empty sights and the sounds become tremendously overwhelming. For a film which routinely forces its characters to spout expositional dialogue ? THE Herbie Hancock has a thankless cameo ? it?s nearly impossible to follow, and has no memorable characters, even the one who gave it its title.But for all his visual inventiveness ? the glistening alien creatures with long necks, the trio of duck-like comic relief idiots, and a Jabba the Hutt clone who sounds an awful lot like John Goodman ? Besson?s film can?t hide the fact that he probably wrote it left-handed and under the influence of some military-grade banned substance.There is, however, a brief respite from the maddening assault you could look forward to. About an hour into the film, Besson pauses the story and forces you to gawk at a shape-shifting Rihanna prancing about on a stripper?s pole, while a bejewelled cowboy played by Ethan Hawke cackles in the background.In all honesty, the fact that this movie turned out to be a colossal mess shouldn?t come as too big a surprise. Besson?s recent output, considering especially how rapidly he churns it out, has been rather hit-or-miss. He hasn?t made a particularly enjoyable film since 2010?s The Extraordinary Adventures of Ad\xe8le Blanc-Sec, a film towards which I am slightly biased because it had shades of the Adventures of Tintin, a series I am immensely fond of.He followed it up with a trio of movies that could only be described as Bessonian ? the Aung San Suu Kyi biopic, The Lady; the Robert De Niro Mafia family comedy, The Family; and the sci-fi thriller, Lucy, his highest-grossing film yet. For Valerian, he plundered yet another cult Franco-Belgian comic ? Valerian and Laureline. It is a comic book series that I have had the displeasure of reading, and suffice it to say, you need not be familiar with its particularly bizarre vision of the future before watching the film.The story behind how he got it made promises to be more interesting than the film itself. It?s a miracle, really, how he conned people into giving him $200 million to barf out the fever dream he?s been having for two decades. If the credits are to be believed, he even managed to get a bank involved ? BNP Paribas is listed as one of the 15-20 production companies behind Valerian.Perhaps this could be Valerian and Laureline?s next adventure. They wouldn?t even have to leave Earth, and Dane DeHaan could probably be back home sipping Mai Tais by sundown.Follow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar\r\nBillionaire Richard Branson has announced that he is selling 31% of Virgin Atlantic, giving up his controlling interest in the airline he founded in 1984. Branson will receive over $288 million (over ?1,800 crore) from the stake sale to Air France-KLM. He will retain a 20% stake and remain as the Chairman of the airline.\r\nThe potential end of an era looms in British aviation after Sir Richard Branson announced he is selling 31% of Virgin Atlantic, relinquishing his controlling interest in the airline he founded in 1984.Branson will net \xa3220m from the deal to sell the 31% stake to Air France-KLM and remain as chairman of the airline. He retains a 20% interest, leaving the US giant Delta as the largest shareholder in Virgin Atlantic with 49%.Virgin Atlantic is expected to retain its independence as a UK airline and will continue to fly under the Virgin brand.The deal forms part of an extensive tie-up on lucrative transatlantic routes announced by Virgin, Delta and Air France-KLM on Thursday. The three airlines, along with ailing Italian carrier Alitalia, will join together in a single joint venture on flights between Europe and the US, co-operating on schedules and frequent flyer schemes ? an alliance that will step up competition with the partnership between American Airlines and Branson?s great rival, British Airways.Branson said it was ?a fantastic opportunity to extend our network and create a stronger customer champion, as well as being extremely beneficial to our people and the Virgin Atlantic brand?. The 67-year-old entrepreneur, probably the most famous face in the modern aviation industry, started out by chartering and selling seats on his first plane when a flight was cancelled in the Caribbean. He later positioned his Virgin Atlantic airline as an exciting, glamorous upstart trying to break the grip of a stuffy BA on UK aviation. That rivalry intensified in the ?dirty tricks? battle in the 1980s, which saw Branson win a large libel settlement from BA. He later presented the airline?s first tie-up with Delta, announced in 2012, as a response to the national carrier?s dominance from Heathrow to the US. Delta bought a 49% stake in Virgin in 2013 ? a move that BA?s chief executive, Willie Walsh, predicted would end in Branson ceding control within five years.Virgin Atlantic edged into profit from 2014 to 2016, but had forecast losses this year on the back of the Brexit referendum and the fall in sterling.In a letter to staff on Thursday, Branson said it was an exciting day for the airline, and said he would still remain as the largest individual shareholder, adding that his new partners all agreed the brand should survive. But he noted that the airline had been operating for half his lifetime, and added: ?As I get a little older, I want to be certain that all the necessary building blocks are in place for Virgin Atlantic to continue to prosper and grow for the next 50 years. ?The airline industry has consolidated over Virgin Atlantic?s lifetime and it?s now our turn to put ourselves at the heart of an important alliance ... With these three partners in place and with me ? and one day, the wider Branson family ? still very much involved, we have the foundations to make sure this is so.?Atlanta-based Delta already had a joint venture with Air France-KLM dating back to 2009, including Alitalia from 2010.Delta also announced on Thursday it would buy a 10% stake in Air France-KLM for ?375m (\xa3335m), as will China Eastern, with both joining the European airline conglomerate?s board, subject to regulatory approval. \r\nArjun Rampal, while talking about rumours of a brawl with fans over a selfie, said, "Why would I fight with someone who is asking me for a selfie?" Arjun added, "I have always respected my fans and it's because of their love that I am here." He further said celebrities should always oblige fans asking for selfies or autographs. \r\nActor Arjun Rampal recently hit headlines with reports that  he lost his cool when some young fans chased his car from a restaurant to his house, and hounded him for selfies. Clearing the air, the 44-year-old denies the incident and says he would never treat his fans  that way. ?I don?t understand from where these people cook up stories and who were these people I misbehaved with? Why would I fight with someone who is asking me for a selfie? I have always respected my fans and it?s because of their love that I am here,? he said.The actor, who was in Delhi to walk for designer Rohit Bal at the India couture Week 2017,  said that he has never been snobbish.  He also added that if fans are coming to the celebs for an autograph or selfie, they should always oblige.Arjun, who plays the role of  gangster-turned-politician Arjun Gawli  in his upcoming movie, Daddy, said that he had to rehearse a lot to learn the dialect and put in a lot of effort to perfect the portrayal. ? This character is the most challenging role in my career and my fans are going to see a different side of me,? he said.\r\nVarun Dhawan, while talking about marrying his girlfriend Natasha Dalal, said that they haven't thought that much ahead. Varun added, "When you find someone and that connection is formed, then everything else...doesn't actually matter." He further said that Natasha is not from the film industry and he tries as much as he can to protect her from the media frenzy. n\r\nAlthough Varun Dhawan has never announced that he is dating Natasha Dalal, their relationship is an open secret. The actor opened up about his relationship on Neha Dhupia's podcast, #NoFilterNeha, and said that he has found the one.Varun said, "I have never hidden it from anyone that I have been in a relationship. I have just never spoken about it openly." He talked about how being a public figure, speculation about his relationship has always made headlines. The Badrinath Ki Dulhania actor said, "She is not from the film line, so as much as I can, I protect her from the media frenzy."When Neha asked Varun if there would be wedding bells in the near future, he said, "Honestly, we have not thought that much ahead. Sometimes in life, when you find someone and that connection is formed, then everything else that you thought was the be-all and end-all of life, doesn't actually matter."On the work front, Varun will be seen next in his father David Dhawan's Judwaa 2 in a double role.\r\nActors Taapsee Pannu and Rishi Kapoor will be seen together in an upcoming film titled 'Mulk'. Taapsee will reportedly play the role of Rishi's daughter-in-law in the film which will be directed by Anubhav Sinha. The film will be shot in the upcoming months in Varanasi and Lucknow.\r\nBollywood actor Taapsee Pannu will soon be seen in a completely different avatar in her upcoming film, Judwaa 2.  Even as the Pink star shoots for the film opposite Varun Dhawan,  she has signed Anubhav Sinha?s next which is a social thriller. Titled Mulk, the film will also feature Rishi Kapoor and Taapsee plays the role of his daughter-in-law in the movie. The shooting of Mulk will begin in a few months and will be shot in Lucknow and Varanasi.From a Superhero to Vulnerable Human Beings in a small town in my country. #MULK A space I grew up in but never visited as a film maker.? Anubhav Sinha (@anubhavsinha) July 28, 2017Mulk is a story inspired by true events, about a joint family that is involved in a controversy and Taapsee?s character is helping the family reclaim their honour.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Lok Sabha on Friday passed the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Bill, 2017 that aims at giving B-schools more autonomy and will allow them to grant degrees. The IIM Bill pushes for the declaration of 20 existing IIMs as institutions of national importance. "It is difficult to run IIMs from here (New Delhi)," HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar said.\r\nThe Lok Sabha allowed the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) to award degrees to students, passing a bill on Friday that grants greater autonomy to the country?s premier business schools.The bill now goes to the Rajya Sabha for clearance.There are 20 IIMs in the country but none can offer degrees as the institutes are registered as societies under an 1860 law. Unless an institute is established by an act enacted in Parliament or as a university, it cannot grant degrees.The Indian Institute of Management Bill, 2017, alters the top-rated business school?s status, which will enable the institute to award degrees such as MBA and PhD, instead of PGDM and fellowships.Human resource development minister Prakash Javadekar said the aim is to remove government interference in IIMs. ?We should learn to trust our institutions ... joint secretaries running IIMs from Delhi is not desirable.?The bill pushes for IIMs to be declared institutions of national importance. And it has provisions for appointing members in each of the IIM?s board of governors through a transparent process, limiting the HRD minister?s role. The government will have a lone representative in each board. The post of IIM visitor ? currently, the country?s President ? will be abolished.In a rare gesture, opposition parties congratulated Javadekar for bringing the bill. Former junior HRD minister Shashi Tharoor of the Congress praised the steps, but cautioned that handing the IIM boards full control to decide fees could lead to marginalization of poor students. He took the occasion to announce his unhappiness over the government removing former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi?s name from the Shillong IIM. He said it was a ?petty? act.Tharoor also objected to the government?s proposal to rename IIM Calcutta as IIM Kolkata. He said the institute will lose its cultivated brand value as IIM-C and the name-change would create confusion as well because an IIM-K exists in Kozhikode. In response, Javadekar said no eligible and meritorious student will be denied admission to IIMs for lack of money. The comptroller and auditor general will check IIM account books since these run on taxpayer?s money, he added.Also, he said: ?There is no provision of giving names to IIMs. All are IIMs. So the question of changing names does not arise,? he said.Trinamool Congress leader Saugata Roy, who is also an educationist, welcomed the bill and requested the government lower the fee of IIMs to avoid deterring students.CPM parliamentarian MB Rajesh also spoke about the high fee in IIMs. He said the institutes should not use the autonomous status to make money.\r\nAkshay Kumar, while talking about the picture which showed him waving the Indian flag upside down at Women's World Cup final, explained he was trying to steady it but someone from behind clicked the photo. "If you watch it on television, you'll see I'm holding it right," he added. However, Akshay also apologised if someone's sentiments were hurt.\r\nBollywood actor Akshay Kumar became the latest celebrity to be at the receiving end of the internet trolls after he shared a picture holding the tricolour upside down while cheering for the Indian women?s cricket team at the ICC Women?s World Cup final at Lord?s.Akshay Kumar waves the national flag at the Women?s World Cup Final.The actor has revealed what actually happened in one of the pictures where he was seen holding the Indian flag upside down on July 23. ?What happened is, I was unfurling the flag and at the time I noticed it was upside down. While I was trying to steady it, someone clicked a photo from behind and even I did not notice it. But if someone?s sentiments are hurt, I seek an apology,? he said.Akshay Kumar and Bhumi Pednekar attend the press conference of Toilet Ek Prem Katha in Mumbai.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe Rustom star, was speaking at a press conference for his upcoming movie Toilet Ek Prem Katha. It should be noted that Akshay shared some of his photos from the match while cheering for the team. In one such picture, the actor is seen holding the Indian flag upside down.Though the actor didn?t realise it when it was posted, it created a furore on social media later on.Upon realising this, the actor later deleted the picture and issued a public apology via tweets.Toilet Ek Prem Katha also stars Bhumi Pednekar and Anupam Kher in pivotal roles.The flick is slated to hit the big screens on August 11. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActor-television host Jaaved Jaaferi has shared a picture on Twitter of his physical transformation at the age of 53, following four months of training. Jaaferi is preparing for his role in the stage adaptation of 'Monsoon Wedding'. Former Jammu and Kashmir CM Omar Abdullah tweeted, "Very inspiring. I'm tempted to ask you for your diet and workout plans Jaaved bhai."\r\nActor and television host Jaaved Jaaferi has found a new hobby and it involves lifting dumbbells and putting young gym buffs to shame. The Boogie Woogie host now sports eight pack abs and a toned physique at the age of 53 after a rigorous regime of four months.Bored at 3am in LA in my bedroom wondering what 4 months of intense performances & a strict diet do #MonsoonWedding pic.twitter.com/JmHYgiyicx? Jaaved Jaaferi (@jaavedjaaferi) July 27, 2017Jaaved posted a picture of his new bod from his apartment in Los Angeles. ?Bored at 3am in LA in my bedroom wondering what 4 months of intense performances & a strict diet do #MonsoonWedding,? he wrote in the post.Several celebs like Sophie Choudry, Rahul Dev and Atul Kasbekar, congratulated his on his feat. He even earned kudos from former chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir, Omar Abdullah.Very inspiring.I'm tempted to ask you for your diet & workout plans Jaaved bhai but I'm afraid I haven't your discipline to see them through https://t.co/Bt1HxtRubk? Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) July 27, 2017You look awesome!!! All the best @jaavedjaaferi ??????? Sophie Choudry (@Sophie_Choudry) July 27, 2017Fantastic!? Rahul Dev Official (@RahulDevRising) July 27, 2017That's very inspirational JJWell done bud? atul kasbekar (@atulkasbekar) July 27, 2017Ek number bhai I m going gym now? Ajaz Khan (@AjazkhanActor) July 27, 2017Some even reminded the actor and his fans of his look from his first film, Meri Jung. pic.twitter.com/U2RGUfqbRl? ShivPriya (@CA_ShivPriya) July 27, 2017Jaaved is prepping for his role in the stage adaptation of Mira Nair?s Monsoon Wedding. He will play the father of the bride, played by Naseeruddin Shah in the film.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\n'Raag Desh', a film based on the 1945-1946 Red Fort trials, "is a heavy dose of patriotism...totally worth your time", wrote Hindustan Times. NDTV wrote the film "reminds about the sacrifices of brave men and women" while Times of India said that the film "educates about the socio-political climate of that time". It was rated 3.5/5 (HT), 3/5 (NDTV, TOI). \r\nRaag DeshCast: Kunal Kapoor, Amit Sadh, Mohit MarwahDirector: Tigmanshu DhuliaRating: 3.5/5{"@context":"http://schema.org","@type":"Review","author": {"@type":"Person","name":"Rohit Vats","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/columns/rohit-vats"},"datePublished":"2017-07-28","description":"Tigmanshu Dhulia?s latest film starring Kunal Kapoor, Amit Sadh and Mohit Marwah is a 137-minute soldier versus traitor story and is totally worth your time.","inLanguage":"en","itemReviewed": {"@type":"Movie","name":"Raag Desh","image":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/rf/image_size_960x540/HT/p2/2017/07/28/Pictures/_811bc754-734a-11e7-a83f-2f06dfe08b4c.JPG","sameAs":"http://www.imdb.com/title/tt6080746/","datePublished":"2017-07-28","director": {"@type":"Person","name":"Tigmanshu Dhulia"},"actor": [{"@type": "Person","name": "Kunal Kapoor","sameAs": ""},{"@type": "Person","name": "Amit Sadh","sameAs": ""}]},"publisher": {"@type":"Organization","name":"Hindustan Times","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/"},"reviewRating": {"@type":"Rating","worstRating":0.0,"bestRating":5,"ratingValue":"3.5"}}In his better films like Haasil and Paan Singh Tomar, Tigmanshu Dhulia ensures he never takes sides. His characters present a narrative and leave it to the audiences to decide if they want to support or oppose their stand. In fact, it?s his objectivity that makes Rannvijay Singh and Paan Singh (Irrfan in Haasil and Paan Singh Tomar) memorable characters. He operates within the same boundaries in Raag Desh (a classical Hindutsani raga with patriotic sentiments) as well. We know the story of Subhash Chandra Bose?s Indian National Army (Azad Hind Fauj, INA) and how it became a major player in India?s struggle for independence before Bose?s sudden disappearance from Rangoon. We have also heard the stories of three decorated officers of the INA, Shah Nawaz Khan (Kunal Kapoor), Prem Sehgal (Mohit Marwah) and Gurbaksh Dhillon (Amit Sadh), and how they turned into the symbol of unity in diversity during a court case against the British government two years before the Indian independence. Watch: Our Facebook Live discussion on Mubarakan, Indu Sarkar and Raag DeshRaag Desh is a detailed break-down of this famous case which revealed how vulnerable the British regime had become. It was also important because Jawaharlal Nehru and Mahatma Gandhi were taking interest in the case. Probably they knew that the trial of three officers will have a favourable impact on Congress? demand for complete sovereignty.It?s an interesting premise. The film claims that close to 25 lakh Indians fought for the British Army in the World War Two. Out of these, 40,000 Indians surrendered to Japan after its win over Britain in Burma and nearby areas. The Japanese government later made the Indian troops collaborators in their war against the allied forces. An Indian officer, Mohan Singh, was appointed the incharge of this troop, but later Subhash Chandra Bose (played by Kenny Basumatary) took control and gave birth to the INA.The actual film begins when trials start and the British regime decides to handle it with an iron fist. Raag Desh finds its flow here and Tigmanshu Dhulia slowly absorbs us into the terrific detailing of the case. Bhula Bhai Desai (Kenneth Desai), a lawyer on the verge of retirement, helps Dhulia in getting the perfect narrative tone for the film.Disgusted with the Congress which refused to give him a ticket to contest the general elections, Bhula Bhai puts aside his differences with Nehru to plead the case of three men whose patriotism is dependent on one ruling.However, Bhula Bhai is just a face as many fight in the background. From a former judge to a helpless father, this faceless crowd constitutes people from all walks of life. They all understand the value of the judgement and how it can change the entire discourse.Dhulia doesn?t manipulate the court proceedings to earn our sympathy. After all, it?s a film with heavy patriotic fervour, nobody would have minded that, but he sticks to the facts and narrates the story of all the major characters from a neutral perspective. There lies the real beauty of his storytelling as the ambiguity around the lead characters remain till the last moments, and even when it clears you are left with many angles to think about.In one of the scenes, Gurbaksh Dhillon and Shah Nawaz Khan put words to such sentiments. One of them believes that the outcome of the trial gives the British an edge while the other categorically demonstrates how the heavy public outcry can influence their case.This isn?t the most powerful scene in the film though. It?s a conversation between Nehru (Rajesh Khera) and Judge Sehgal (Kanwaljeet Singh) when the latter successfully convinces the former to fight for the three officers inside the court. The dialogues show the director?s delicate understanding of the Indian polity and society.The audience keeps watching everything from a distance when the INA officers disclose their side of the details. It becomes a party to the discussion only when it realises that deciding war crimes is very subjective in nature.Then there are actors like Kenny Basumatary and Mrudula Murali (Captain Lakshmi Swaminathan) who bring a distinct charm to the film. Basumatary?s jovial face while he is weighed against gold makes everything look cheerful.The back and forth in narration hampers the flow, though. Further, the documentary-like feel hampers the drama to reach its zenith, but these are minor issues and can be easily overlooked.What matters is Amit Sadh resurfaces as an able actor after a long time. Kunal Kapoor?s matured take on the life of Shah Nawaz Khan is another plus of Raag Desh. Mohit Marwah also holds his ground and infuses seriousness into the film.There is a strange thing about patriotic films. You know what?s going to happen, but your eyes still get moist when it happens. The same will happen to you as well when Kadam Kadam Badhaaye Jaa will play on the screen. This 137-minute soldier versus traitor story is totally worth your time. Interact with Rohit Vats at Twitter/@nawabjha\r\nVirat Kohli became the fastest Indian captain to score 1,000 runs in overseas Test matches, achieving the milestone in his 17th away Test innings as captain against Sri Lanka on Friday. Kohli surpassed the record of Sachin Tendulkar who had reached the milestone in his 19th innings. Notably, Kohli became the seventh Indian captain to score 1,000-plus overseas Test runs.\r\nVirat Kohli is turning to be Indian cricket?s new milestone man. With almost every innings, he is improving his personal records. During his sweetly hit half-century in the second inning of the opening Test at the Galle International Stadium on Friday, he completed 1000 runs in Tests as captain outside India. (India vs Sri Lanka, 1st cricket Test, Day 3: Highlights)It is a record he will be most proud of, and that is mainly on two counts. First, it?s how well you play away from home that determines your rating as a batsman. It also shows he is thriving in the responsibility of leadership than feel burdened by it.READ | Was Virat Kohli really out on Day 1 vs Sri Lanka? TV umpire caught in hot-spotThe knock was also important for Kohli because he was one of the two top-order batsmen to miss out in the first innings. After getting Kohli out to a bouncer in the first innings, Sri Lanka pace bowler Nuwan Pradeep had spoken about targeting Kohli with the short ball. Surprisingly, they hardly tested the Indian captain with the short stuff in the second essay. READ | India vs Sri Lanka: KL?Rahul recovers from fever, trains with Indian team in?GalleOne reason could be that the first innings effort had taken a toll on the Sri Lankan pace bowlers. As a result, the battle everyone was waiting for didn?t materialise. Kohli was at his fluent best, his feet were moving well, and be it the forward stretch or the backfoot punch, the ball was hitting the sweet spot.READ | India vs Sri Lanka: Plan worked against Virat Kohli, says Nuwan PradeepWhen Pradeep came on for his second spell, Kohli greeted him with back-to-back fours, first a trademark cover drive before tucking the next ball to square leg. Pradeep?s figures read 35 runs in six wicketless overs.With the fifty, Kohli had stretched India?s lead to 446.\r\nThe Supreme Court on Friday dismissed a plea seeking its nod for terminating the 32-week-old pregnancy of a 10-year-old rape victim. The SC made the decision after taking note of a medical report stating that abortion was neither good for the girl nor the foetus. It is prohibited to terminate any pregnancy in India after 20 weeks without court's permission.n\r\nThe Supreme Court noted on Friday a sharp rise in pleas from women seeking to abort pregnancies beyond the legally permissible time limit while rejecting a 10-year-old rape survivor?s request to terminate her 32-week pregnancy. Medical opinion placed before the court said the abortion would not be in the interest of either the girl or the foetus.A bench headed by Chief Justice JS Khehar asked the central government to consider setting up a permanent medical board in every state to quickly decide on pleas from pregnant women asking for terminations beyond the permissible 20-week period. The bench said these boards were needed to save time because such cases were coming to the courts in a ?big way?.This year, the Supreme Court has received at least seven petitions from women, including teenage rape survivors, asking to terminate pregnancies beyond 20 weeks. The top court disallowed abortions in two, including Friday?s, lawyers said.Courts allow terminations beyond that in the rarest of circumstances if doctors say it is necessary to save the mother?s life.Friday?s order came after the court perused the report of an expert panel set up by the PGI, Chandigarh, to find out ?whether the health of the girl concerned and the child would be adversely affected if the pregnancy is allowed to be full term?.The bench expressed satisfaction over the medical care being provided to the rape survivor and dismissed the public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a lawyer seeking the abortion.To the court?s suggestion on setting up permanent medical boards in states, solicitor general Ranjit Kumar said he would inform the court whether such boards can operate while amendments to the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act (MTPA), 1971, considered extending the time-limit from 20 to 24 weeks.The girl, who hails from Chandigarh, was repeatedly raped by her uncle. Her parents were poor and had approached the Chandigarh district court for permission to terminate the pregnancy. On July 18, the court dismissed the plea, citing the 20-week ceiling. A lawyer then went to the top court.The girl was allegedly raped over seven months. Her parents got to know of it when they took her to a doctor after she complained of a stomach pain, her parents said.In another case a bench headed by Justice Dipak Misra allowed a 21-year-old woman from Mumbai to abort her 22-week-old foetus following a medical opinion that post-birth the child will have severe mental impairment.A three-member panel of experts from JJ Hospital concluded the foetus suffered from Hydrocephalus, or accumulation of fluid in the brain. The court asked the woman to approach JJ Hospital for the termination, which it said should be done soon. \r\nActress Dia Mirza turned showstopper for designer Anju Modi's 'Sunehri Kothi' collection at the India Couture Week. Dia walked the runway in an organza lehenga and an embroidered maroon velvet blouse, paired with a sheer white dupatta. "I took inspiration from the miniature art of 16th Century Rajasthan, especially Kishangarh. Dia looks like a princess from Rajasthan," said Anju.\r\nActress-producer Dia Mirza, who is also a nature lover, felt overjoyed to walk in a creation inspired by nature on the ramp.Dia closed designer Anju Modi's India Couture Week show on Thursday by sashaying down the "environment-friendly" runway in a traditional outfit, which is a part of the 'Sunehri Kothi' (Golden chalet) collection."Thank you for making me a part of this. I am a complete nature lover, but I can't imagine art, motifs inspired by nature. This collection really depicts that," Dia said while praising Anju."She has been responsible for safeguarding our heritage. She has taken handicrafts and textiles to the next level. I felt exquisite wearing this beautifully handcrafted outfit."It's delicate, intricate and has a resonance of an era gone by," added the actress, who looks up to her mother for style.According to her, every little girl looks up to her mother."All of my life, I remember looking up to my mother's starry eyes--my mother has an amazing personality. All this intrigued me about her.""The way she carried herself, her personality reflected so strongly in anything that she wore. That's what completes your garment. It's your character and your personality," said Dia.The "Bajirao Mastani" designer chose a good combination of green and maroon for her lehenga in organza. The maroon, full-sleeve, velvet blouse and off-white and golden dupatta that she wore around her head, and heavy jewellery and make-up made her look like she had just finished shooting a period film."I took inspiration from the miniature art of 16th Century Rajasthan, especially Kishangarh. Dia looks like a princess from Rajasthan," said Anju, who used cow and deer motifs for her collection.Also Read: Disha Patani to Athiya Shetty: The star-studded runway of ICW 2017Anju relived the mystique of Radha, with her sharp features dressed in lehengas made from hand-woven textiles, and worn with fitted blouses.She took cue from architectural and artistic influences of the craft of Meenakari, the intricate and detailed brushwork, the remnants of the colours -- handmade from minerals, vegetables, indigo, and embellished with precious stones, pure gold and silver.Many of her designs are inspired by the Kishangarh School of Art that Princess Vaishnavi Kumari of Kishangarh personally introduced to her.Vaishnavi's art finds great resonance in Anju's collection, which shone bright, thanks to Vishal Jewels' uncut diamonds, polkies and rubies that were flaunted by the models, who moved to the sound of flute, sarangi and the voice of a classical singer.\r\nKamal Haasan, while addressing rumours that his daughter Akshara has changed her religion, tweeted he loves her even if she has done so. Replying to this, Akshara wrote, "[S]till an atheist. Although I agree with Buddhism as it is a way of life and in an individual's way of life". Earlier, there were reports that Akshara had converted to Buddhism. \r\nKamal Haasan is hands down the coolest dad ever. When reports started doing the rounds that his younger daughter, Akshara, had changed her religion, the actor took to Twitter to tell her that he supported whatever decision she took and would continue to love her, no matter what.Reportedly, Akshara, an atheist, had turned to Buddhism. When word reached Kamal, he tweeted, "Hi. Akshu. Have you changed your religeon? Love you, even if you have. Love unlike religeon is unconditional. Enjoy life. Love- Your Bapu (sic)."Hi. Akshu. Have you changed your religeon? Love you, even if you have. Love unlike religeon is unconditional. Enjoy life . Love- Your BapuAkshara promptly replied to his tweet and wrote, "Hi bapuji. No, still an atheist. Although i agree with budhism as it is a way of life and in an individuals way of life. Love from your daughter akshu (sic)."Hi bapuji. No, still an atheist. Although i agree with budhism as it is a way of life and in an individuals way of life.Love from your daughter akshu.On the work front, Akshara Haasan will make her Kollywood debut with Ajith Kumar's eagerly-awaited film, Vivegam.ALSO READ: Did Kamal Haasan take a dig at Sasikala? \r\nThe Delhi Police will reportedly get around 30 sniffer and explosive-detection dogs in a month from the Indian Army Veterinary Corps. The dogs will help police deal with security challenges in the Capital, reports said. Delhi hosts several high-profile events which attract anti-national elements and so security of these venues is a top priority, a police official said. \r\nThe police department is set to get a pack of canny canines from the Army to scent any trouble in the city.Delhi Police is expecting about 30 sniffer and explosive-detection dogs in a month from the Indian Army Veterinary Corps (IAVC).The four-legged recruits will help the department deal with security challenges in the Capital that frequently receives threats from terrorist groups and has a large VVIP population.Delhi Police's special cell on Monday reportedly wrote a letter to all concerned departments about two suspected terrorists looking to sneak into the city and stage attacks.LONGSTANDING DEMANDThe police force has had a longstanding demand to strengthen the number of sniffer and explosive-detection dogs, to up to 150, in its squad."Delhi Police currently has 60 dogs, comprising labradors and German shepherds with the former in majority. However, we are managing the security of the national Capital with the low strength and so we want more such dogs for foolproof security of the city. We have written to IAVC to provide trained dogs," said Rajan Bhagat, deputy commissioner of police, who's also in-charge of the dog squad.The officer pointed out that the city also hosts a large number of high-profile events every day. Such functions are on the radar of anti-national elements and so security of these venues is a top priority.The dogs could play a vital role in keeping these events safe. The dog squad, which started in 1960 with 10 dogs in Mandir Marg and Model Town areas in central and north Delhi, is now spread across a dozen Delhi Police districts and special units under the supervision of the crime branch.'DELHI POLICE DEMANDED 100 TRAINED DOGS'Elaborating about the dog squad, Bhagat told MAIL TODAY that the department has 60 dogs in two centres apart from three to four dogs in each districts. Since all 60 dogs are not fit for the job round the clock, Delhi Police want an adequate number of canines in the squad so that security personnel do not come across a shortage."Delhi Police recently demanded 100 trained dogs from IAVC. Now, it's up to the Indian Army to facilitate dogs to us depending on availability. We have recently built a multistorey building with capacity of 35 dogs at the Saket crime branch office situated on Mehrauli-Badarpur border. It is a first-of-its kind multi-storey building in India for trained dogs and an expected 30-odd dogs would get a home there," Bhagat said.Apart from Saket, 18 trained dogs are at the Model Town centre and 10 at the Chanakyapuri one.Indian Army has its own breeding facility, which provides trained dogs to all security agencies in the country including the National Security Guard (NSG). The force prefers to train labradors and German shepherds because of their natural ability to adapt to any schedule and atmospheric conditions.The training periods of dogs last from six to nine months depending on their physical and learning capabilities. After working with security agencies for eight years, the canines are retired and handed over to NGOs working in the veterinary field. However, Millennium city Gurugram only has one sniffer dog to take care of a city with population of more than 25 lakh. "We are basically using the sniffer dog for bomb detection while daily crimes are cracked manually," said a senior official, who wished to remain anonymous. \r\nUnion Minister Smriti Irani reposted an old picture of herself with her husband Zubin Irani on Instagram with the caption, "Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love...the things you are, the things you never want to lose - The Wonder Years." The picture, posted on Thursday, has received more than 10,300 likes.\r\nUnion textiles minister Smriti Irani has reposted an old picture that her husband Zubin Irani shared on Instagram and the internet can?t stop swooning over the couple.The former television actor reposted the picture, in which she is seen with her husband and smiling, on Thursday on her Instagram account.?Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love..the things you are, the things you never want to lose - The Wonder Years,? the picture was captioned.    #Repost @iamzfi (@get_repost) ??? #tbt Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love ?? the things you are, the things you never want to lose - The Wonder Years A post shared by Smriti Irani (@smritiiraniofficial) on Jul 26, 2017 at 9:29pm PDT Irani is one the few politicians in the country who does not shy away from sharing her personal moments in public. Her Instagram account is full of personal pictures of her and her family.Here are some of the posts Irani has shared in the past.    My babies toooo ???how time flies ?????kal hi ki to baat thi....... #Repost @iamzfi (@get_repost) ??? Then & Now my babies ? A post shared by Smriti Irani (@smritiiraniofficial) on Jul 25, 2017 at 9:24am PDT     #when #yourbabygirl overshoots #you in height and #you can't help but #smile ??????????? A post shared by Smriti Irani (@smritiiraniofficial) on Jul 12, 2017 at 5:42am PDT     #when #theyare #happy to gang up against #you ??? A post shared by Smriti Irani (@smritiiraniofficial) on Jul 11, 2017 at 10:04am PDT And, here are some of the adorable comments by the users on the social media platform.\r\nShyamwar Rai, the driver who turned approver in the Sheena Bora murder case, told the court on Friday that Indrani Mukerjea once said to him that she wanted to kill Sheena and Mikhail. "Indrani madam asked me to drive towards Taj Lands End (Mumbai). She sat on Sheena's face and strangulated her to death," he added.\r\nReiterating his earlier stand, Shyamwar Rai, the driver who turned approver in the Sheena Bora murder case, told court on Friday that Indrani Mukerjea wanted to kill both Sheena and Mikhail. Bora was allegedly killed in 2012, but the case came to light in 2015, after Rai?s arrest. Rai is the crucial link in the case which led to the arrest of Indrani Mukerjea, her ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna for the murder of Sheena.Rai has given the police a detailed account of how Indrani, along with Khanna conspired to eliminate Sheena, and how the three of them executed the plot. In his confession, Rai said Indrani contacted him towards the end of March 2012, through her personal assistant Kajal Sharma. He said Indrani had spoken to him on Skype and revealed her plans to eliminate her two children ? Sheena and Mikhail and asked for his help.He said Indrani wanted to kill both of them because they were maligning her image in society and threatened to expose the truth that she was their mother and not their sister as she had been claiming. Rai also said Indrani mentioned to him that there are property issues as well and she was against her stepson?s Rahul?s relationship with Sheena.Read: I helped kill Sheena Bora, confesses Indrani?s driver Shyamwar RaiIn one of the statements recorded on September 6, 2015, Rai said on the evening of April 24 2012 ? the day of the murder ? at around 4pm, Indrani came down from her flat and asked him to take her to Bandra.?In the car, she told me Sheena had demanded a three-bedroom-hall-kitchen in Pali Hill, a car and a diamond ring from Moti Mahal. Indrani said she had promised to gift Sheena the ring on that day. It was only because of this Sheena agreed to meet her, Indrani told me,? reads the statement of Rai.Rai has in his confession statement given before the magistrate court has stated detailed account of how they first picked up Sheena and took her to a remote place in Bandra where the three of them strangulated her.Rai?s statement also described how furious Indrani was with Sheena. He said that immediately after the murder, Indrani asked him to drive towards Taj Lands End, a hotel.?Indrani madam mujhe boli hotel Taj Lands le lo aur mujhe boli thi 3 BHK flat Sheena ko mil gaya. Indrani Madam Sheena ke muh ke upar baith gaye (Indrani madam asked me to drive towards Taj Lands End. She sat on Sheena?s face and then said Sheena has got her 3BHK flat),? he has said in the confession.Read: Shyamwar Rai can turn approver in Sheena Bora case: CBIThe driver then said that after the murder, Indrani went to Taj Lands End, while Khanna left them soon after the murder. He said that the three of them later met in Indrani?s house in Marlow building. They kept Sheena?s body in a bag and kept the bag in the garage.Rai said that when he went to Indrani?s house along with Khanna, Indrani and Mikhail were drinking.?Madam muze boli, Mikhail kitna daru pita hai, abhi tak behosh nahi hua. Fir, Khanna bola, Mikhail ko badme dekhte hai. Do do bodies alag alag jagah pe kaise leke jayenge? (Madam told me, how much does Mikhail drink, he still hasn?t lost his consciousness. Then Khanna said, we will see Mikhail later. How will we carry two bodies at the same time)?? said the confession.Rai said the next morning, the three of them ? he, Indrani and Khanna - left to dispose of her body and burn it in a forested area in Gagode village of Raigad district on April 24, 2012.\r\nPlus-size blogger Callie Thorpe has slammed people for posting abusive comments on a picture which showed her wearing a bikini. She posted a video titled 'Dealing with abuse', in which she has spoken about how she felt after reading those comments. "You don't know how much these things hurt people... and it's not acceptable," she said in the video.\r\nWhile social media allows each and every user to make their voice heard, it also has a flip side. People get away with making abusive remarks under the guise of ?trolling?. Recently, a popular UK-based fashion blogger, Callie Thorpe (149k followers) received over 900 vile comments. Her crime? Posting a happy poolside picture of her sporting a black two-piece bikini.   A post shared by Callie Thorpe (@calliethorpe) on Jul 18, 2017 at 4:53am PDTThe picture was featured on iconic fashion magazine Vogue?s website, alongside pictures of models such as Karlie Kloss, Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner. Thorpe then did an interview with Yahoo about it. As it picked up traction, the comments came pouring in. One of them read: ?Realistically models are meant to be appealing not to make me puke.? Yahoo has since removed the comments section on that article. Thorpe has been a promoter of a healthy, body positive image and self-love on her Instagram page. Though hurt, she is undeterred. She posted a video, titled Dealing with abuse, about how she felt when she read those comments. At one point in the video, she breaks down. ?I couldn?t get it out of my brain. I couldn?t sleep because of some of the things I read about myself,? she said. But she is not ready to give up. She continues to remain proud of herself, and is determined to keep doing what she loves. Follow @htlifeandstyle for more\r\nThe Supreme Court on Thursday ruled that police will conduct a preliminary enquiry before making any arrest in dowry harassment cases to ensure there is no misuse of law. A Family Welfare Committee will be set up in every district to scrutinise the cases, only after which will the arrests be made effective, the court said.\r\nA Family Welfare Committee (FWC) in every district will scrutinise dowry harassment cases before local police can arrest the accused, the Supreme Court said on Thursday, laying down a set of guidelines to curb misuse of the law.Indian Penal Code?s Section 498A has been criticised for giving ?disgruntled women? a legal option to harass their husbands, and Thursday?s orders take forward measures announced by the top court in 2014 when it prohibited automatic arrests.A bench of justices AK Goel and UU Lalit barred the police from making direct arrest and said the involvement of civil society was necessary ?to achieve the laudable object of punishing cruelty at the hands of husbands or his relatives against the wife?.Quoting the National Crime Records Bureau?s 2012 data, the bench said that a quarter of all arrests were those of women ? mothers and sisters of husbands ? and while chargesheets were filed at an ?exponentially high 93.6%? of cases, only 14.4% ended in convictions. The report projected that out of the 3,72,706 cases pending trial in 2012, as many as 3,17,000 were projected to lead to acquittals.Curbing misuseForm 3-member committee in every district of para-legal volunteers, social workers, working officers? wives or suitable citizensDecide bail applications on same day as far as possibleGrant exemption from personal appearance or allow it by videoconferencingDon?t make passport impounding or red corner notice routine for people residing out of IndiaThe court, however, put a rider to its restrictions, saying that they were not valid in offences involving tangible physical injury or death.?It is a matter of serious concern that large number of cases continues to be filed under Section 498A alleging harassment of married women. To remedy the situation, we are of the view that involvement of civil society in the aid of administration of justice can be one of the steps, apart from the investigating officers and the concerned trial courts being sensitised,? the bench said.The top court also ordered that trial courts must decide bail applications in such cases on the same day as far as possible. Recovery of disputed dowry items may not by itself be a ground for denial of bail if maintenance or other rights of wife/minor children can otherwise be protected, SC said.According to the ruling, the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) will form the committee comprising three members who could be para-legal volunteers, social workers, retired persons, wives of working officers or citizens who may be found suitable and willing.A dowry harassment complaint to the police or magistrate will be referred to the committee that can interact with the parties personally or through electronic communication. The committee must submit its report to the authority, which refers the complaint to it within a month.Till the report is received, no arrest should be effected, the court said. After considering the report on its own merit, the police or magistrate will proceed with further action.SC also directed that only a designated Investigating Officer of the area shall investigate dowry harassment cases. Such designations must be done within a month, the court said. These officers must be trained, which the court held must be completed within four months.In further directions to lower courts, the SC said that accused should be exempted from appearing in person or be allowed to appear via video conferencing as far as that does not adversely affect the progress of the case.In cases where accused is residing out of India, impounding of passports or red corner notice should not be a routine, the court said.In cases where a settlement is reached, it will be open to a district and sessions judge or any other senior judicial officer nominated by him in the district to complete the proceedings including the closing of the criminal case if dispute primarily relates to matrimonial discord. Committee?s functioning may be reviewed once a year, SC added.In 2014, a separate bench had criticised the law?s misuse and said: ?The fact that Section 498-A is a cognisable and non-bailable offence has lent it a dubious place of pride amongst the provisions that are used as weapons rather than shield by disgruntled wives?.\r\nThe Arjun Kapoor and Anil Kapoor starrer 'Mubarakan' which released on Friday "shows some witty character sketches before losing its charm", wrote Hindustan Times. NDTV wrote, "The film goes overboard with its excessive cheeriness...into the realms of inanity", while Times of India called the film's three actresses "decorative set-pieces". It was rated 2.5/5 (HT), 2/5 (NDTV) and 3/5 (TOI).\r\nMubarakanCast: Anil Kapoor, Arjun Kapoor, Ileana D?Cruz, Athiya ShettyDirector: Anees BazmeeRating: 2.5/5{"@context":"http://schema.org","@type":"Review","author": {"@type":"Person","name":"Rohit Vats","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/columns/rohit-vats"},"datePublished":"2017-07-27","description":"Mubarakan is designed as a family film where comedy is generated through quarrelling relatives.","inLanguage":"en","itemReviewed": {"@type":"Movie","name":"Mubarakan","image":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/rf/image_size_960x540/HT/p2/2017/07/27/Pictures/_1fe6bd28-72f4-11e7-a1e4-b67c25a49489.jpg","sameAs":"http://www.imdb.com/title/tt6272828/","datePublished":"2017-07-27","director": {"@type":"Person","name":"Anees Bazmee"},"actor": [{"@type": "Person","name": "Arjun Kapoor","sameAs": ""},{"@type": "Person","name": "Anil Kapoor","sameAs": ""}]},"publisher": {"@type":"Organization","name":"Hindustan Times","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/"},"reviewRating": {"@type":"Rating","worstRating":0.0,"bestRating":5,"ratingValue":"2.5"}}Anees Bazmee?s Welcome is one of the most underrated comedies of recent times. However, over the years, it has become one of the most watched films on TV.In fact, its situational comedy is a lesson in comic timing and how to carry off a slapstick humour. This amazingly funny film revolves around an eligible bachelor who falls in love with a gangster?s sister, and how he creates confusion to have his way. Since then, Bazmee has directed Singh Is Kinng, No Problem, Thank You, Ready and Welcome Back. All these films had the theme of marriage at the centre.Watch: Our Facebook Live discussion on Mubarakan, Indu Sarkar and Raag DeshBazmee?s latest Mubarakan follows a similar trajectory, with a double-role angle. Separated in childhood, twins, Karan and Charan (both played by Arjun Kapoor) are expected to marry as per their guardians? wishes, but they are already in love with Sweety (Ileana D?Cruz) and Nafisa (Neha Sharma).Things get complicated when Charan gets engaged to a another girl, Binkal (Athiya Shetty) in London. The shy guy couldn?t gather the courage to tell his parents about his love life and that leads to a big-intra family feud that ends when Charan?s uncle swears to marry him off in exactly one month.However, Kartar Singh (Anil Kapoor) is yet to arrive and add more confusion to the already-messed up affair.Mubarakan is a typical Bazmee film which starts with loud background music and solid bass. The hero walks in slow motion and dances to peppy tunes, but shows a docile attitude in front of the heroine. Arjun Kapoor takes a cue from Akshay Kumar in Welcome and jumps into this mad-caper wholeheartedly. It?s just that Anil Kapoor is a pro at it and steals all the limelight from him.His character drives a vehicle that has slogans like ?Buri nazar wale tera muh gora? and ?You are chasing a Punjabi? written all over it. He then employs an English man who mouths dialogues like ?Baadshaho tussi lassi pio? and ?Meri pagar padhao.? Most of us don?t expect any sort of explanations from such a film, so it keeps moving from Chandigarh to London in a jiffy with songs thrown in occasionally. They?re anyway needed to hold attention in this 156-minute film.You also find dialogues like, ?Ye zaroor druggie hai? Ye Punjab se aaya hai.? Then somebody casually mentions, ?Udta Punjab,? and everybody starts laughing.Anil Kapoor, however, tries his best to hold the family and the story together. As someone who unknowingly keeps creating chaos, he has been rightly given a good screen time. The only actor who outperforms in a couple of scenes is Pavan Malhotra. As an always angry hotelier who hates to be seen down upon, he is hilarious.Mubarakan shows some witty character sketches before losing its charm in the later half. The indecisive Arjun Kapoor and self-musing Anil Kapoor successfully establish a mood where you don?t mind dialogues like, ?Iss baar Christmas 25 ko hai?? or, ?Ye mooli, maamooli nahi hai.? In fact, you laugh when somebody falls off a window while trying to find the mobile network. Well, I did.Unfortunately, such moments keep getting fewer in number in the second half as the film gets totally centred on Anil Kapoor and his antics. Unlike Welcome, he doesn?t get much support from his co-actors and gigs become repetitive in nature.Some of Priyadarshan?s most likeable comedies also deal with an army of actors and a confusing thread in the climax, but he doesn?t waste much time in clearing the confusion. Bazmee takes time here as some of his characters go for long monologues. This slows down the pace and gives the audience a chance to realise the loopholes in the otherwise over-simplified story.Mubarakan is designed as a family film where comedy is generated through quarrelling relatives. This works initially but goes out of control later.But that doesn?t mean you won?t be entertained. You?ll be occasionally laughing, but probably won?t be leaving the theatre with a big smile on your face.Interact with Rohit Vats at Twitter/@nawabjha\r\nAmid the ongoing border standoff with China, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday told the Lok Sabha that the Indian armed forces are fully equipped to face any contingency. This comes a week after the CAG had slammed the Ordnance Factory Board (OFB) for inadequate quality of ammunition supplied to the Army since March 2013.\r\nThe Indian armed forces are fully equipped to face any contingency, defence minister Arun Jaitley told the Lok Sabha on Friday amid the ongoing border standoff with China.Asserting that any shortage in terms of arms and ammunition would be expeditiously made up, the minister said the observations by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) about ammunition supplies was for a particular period.Last week, the CAG had slammed the Ordnance Factory Board (OFB) for critical deficiency in availability of ammunition to the Army.?The armed forces are fully equipped to face any contingency? and any shortage of ammunition would be expeditiously made up, Jaitley said during Question Hour.The remarks come at a time when India and China have been locked in a standoff over the Doklam issue while there have also been rising terror incidents in Jammu and Kashmir.In a report, the apex auditor had also criticised the OFB for inadequate quality of ammunition supplied to the Army since March 2013.According to the report, despite serious concerns highlighted in a high-level report on ?Ammunition management in Army? in 2015, no significant improvement took place in the critical deficiency in availability of ammunition and quality of ammunition supplied by the OFB. Regarding CAG reports, Jaitley said that as per procedure, after tabling in Parliament, they go to the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) and if the latter makes some recommendations, then action would be taken.?If any action is to be taken, it will be taken,? Jaitley said in response to queries on whether any action would be taken against officials following observations in the CAG report.When a member wanted to know about the amount of ammunition required and other details, Jaitley said it is better in public interest not to make any such disclosure.Responding to queries, Minister of State for Defence Subhash Bhamre assured the House that no ordnance factory would be closed down and no one would be rendered unemployed.On strategic partnerships in the defence sector, Jaitley said it is intended to institutionalise a transparent, objective and functional mechanism to encourage broader participation of the private sector in the manufacture of defence platforms and equipment.Besides, the government has approved a proposal for manufacturing of ammunition for the Indian Army by the Indian industry, he said.In this regard, Jaitley said Request for Proposal (RFP) under open tender enquiry was issued in March.?Since the proposal is presently at RFP stage, grant of permission to any private company for manufacturing ammunition in parternship with foreign vendors/companies which have been blacklisted/banned for wrong doings/corrupt practices, does not arise,? the minister said.Further, Jaitley said the Defence Procurement Procedure (DPP)/Defence Procurement Manual (DPM) contain provisions in standard clauses of contract for use of undue influence, including engagement of agents unauthorisedly by the seller.     ?DPP/DPM also provides for execution of a pre-contract integrity pact with the objective of ensuring that the procurement process is free from any wrongful business practice,? he added.     The minister also said violation of the pact can result in calling off the negotiations, cancellation of contracts, encashment of bank guarantees and debarment from future procurement. PTI RAM ARC \r\nUS-based Fenox Venture Capital's CEO Anis Uzzaman has sued rival firm's male CEO Brandon Hill for allegedly pretending to be a female harassment victim in an anonymous blog post. Uzzaman claims Hill accused him of sexual misconduct in the post to damage his reputation. Uzzaman's attorneys said the blog post was traced to the IP address of his rival's house.\r\nAn anonymous blogpost accusing a Silicon Valley venture capitalist of sexual misconduct was written by a male executive who pretended to be a female victim of harassment in order to damage the reputation of a competitor, according to a lawsuit.The complaint filed by Anis Uzzaman, a prominent tech investor and CEO of Fenox Venture Capital, alleged that a male rival CEO published a fake online account purporting to be an unnamed woman who was ?sexually taken advantage of? by Uzzaman. The blogpost, which said Uzzaman pressured the author to go to his hotel room after a business meeting, was written by Brandon Katayama Hill, founder and CEO of a San Francisco branding and marketing agency called Btrax that competes with Fenox, according to the suit. Uzzaman?s attorneys said the blogpost was traced to the IP address of Hill?s home. Reached for comment on Thursday, Hill denied that he was the author of the post, claiming that other people had access to his wifi and that he did not know who wrote it. The lawsuit comes at a time when women across Silicon Valley have come forward with allegations of sexual harassment following a viral account of misconduct and discrimination at Uber. Over the past month, there has been increasing scrutiny of venture capitalists following a series of stories alleging that powerful male investors have repeatedly harassed women seeking startup funding, who are particularly vulnerable and have few recourses to raise concerns when they are mistreated or assaulted by VCs.Uzzaman?s lawyers have alleged that Hill took advantage of the discussion about discrimination in the industry to target a rival. ?To have these false accusations come particularly in this climate when there?s this growing awareness of a problem that does exist, it?s damaging,? Katrina Saleen, Uzzaman?s attorney, told the Guardian. ?It?s also an insult to true victims of sexual harassment ? It makes people question the veracity of true victims, which is harmful.? According to the complaint, the blogpost, titled ?I was sexually taken advantage of by a Silicon Valley VC?, was published in March on a popular Japanese blog site, Hatena. The post said the author met the ?very famous? VC at a local startup event and that he asked her to meet and talk about business. The VC invited the woman to go on a trip with her and stay at a five-star hotel, and when she refused, he said: ?You are going to lose the biggest opportunity if you do not come,? according to the post. The VC said he might invest in her and pressured her to go to his hotel that night, but she refused, the post said. Later, he stopped communicating with her, saying: ?I?m busy, don?t contact me.? ?A lot of people from Japan, including students, and many very cute girls come to him, and he takes advantage of them,? said the blogpost, which was written in Japanese and translated to English in the complaint. The blog did not name Uzzaman but he was easily identifiable, according to the complaint. There are only a few Silicon Valley companies that do venture capital services for Japan, and Fenox is the only firm which has a non-Japanese leader with ?dark skin? who is fluent in Japanese, as the blog outlined, the suit said. The comments section referenced Fenox and Uzzaman, according to the complaint. A Japanese court eventually ordered Hatena to produce the IP address traced to the article, and attorneys confirmed through Comcast that the post, published on a Saturday morning, was linked to the home address of Hill, the suit said. Hill?s company has offices in California and Japan and operates in the ?same general domain? as Uzzaman?s firm, working with startups funded by Japanese corporations, the complaint said.Hill also used to run a San Francisco startup competition called Japan Night, and Fenox Venture Capital last year launched a similar event called Startup World Cup. The blogpost was published weeks before the event.?This event is very important to them. For this to have come out just before ? is damaging,? said Saleen.In a short phone interview, Hill said he had not yet seen the complaint, which was filed last week in San Mateo superior court, adding: ?I didn?t write the article. I?m not responsible for it. This is a false allegation.? Hill further claimed that more than 50 people had access to his wifi, though he declined to identify them. He also declined to comment on whether he had suspicions on who may have authored the blogpost. He further claimed that his firm did not compete with Fenox: ?We are in totally different businesses.?Asked about Hill?s denial, Saleen said: ?Comcast has confirmed that the IP address that the blog was posted from is from Brandon Hill?s home ? We?ve also confirmed that he has password-protected wifi.? Through his attorney, Uzzaman declined to comment. \r\nActress Huma Qureshi, who turned 31 on Friday, said that the best birthday gift she ever got was her first car gifted by her father when she was in college. Huma made her acting debut with Anurag Kashyap's 'Gangs of Wasseypur' opposite Nawazuddin Siddiqui. Known for films like 'Dedh Ishqiya' and 'Badlapur', her latest Bollywood release was 'Jolly LLB 2'. \r\nActor Huma Qureshi has had quite a busy year so far. It began with the Akshay Kumar-starrer Jolly LLB 2, which did well at the box-office. After this, she got busy promoting her debut Hollywood film at international film festivals in London. Currently, the actor is looking forward to the release of the film in India. On her birthday today, asked if there are any special plans in store, she says, ?Well, since I am busy shooting here and there, and I have been really busy travelling too, so it will be a very low key affair this year, with just family [in Mumbai only].?Besides promoting her international project across India, Huma is also busy with the shooting of her Tamil film Kaala Karikalan (in Chennai) where she?s paired opposite superstar Rajinikanth.While all birthdays have been special for Huma, she shares that the most cherished was the one when her brother, actor Saqib Saleem did something special for her in their childhood days. ?Saqib gave me a handmade card, where he had pasted a picture of the whole family together and wished me happy birthday. For me, it was the cutest thing ever,? recalls Huma, adding, ?I?m always up for surprises.?    My brother most handsome @saqibsaleem Koi Shaaq??!!!! ???#Dobaara #Promotions #June2nd A post shared by Huma Qureshi (@iamhumaq) on May 22, 2017 at 1:40pm PDT About the best birthday present she has got till date, she says, ?Oh yes, my best birthday gift was when my dad gifted me my first car in college. It was a Maruti Swift. I thought that was the coolest thing ever. It was so much fun, as I could completely show it off to my friends that I have my own car now and not my dad?s car.? Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActress Kajol has shared a picture with Rosmah Mansor, the first lady of Malaysia, on her social media which she captioned, "One more for the women's club". Kajol is in Malaysia to promote her upcoming film 'VIP 2' with Dhanush. Soundarya Rajinikanth, who has directed the film, can also be seen in the picture. n\r\nAfter an all-India tour to promote their latest film, VIP 2, Bollywood actor Kajol and director Soundarya Rajinikanth are in Malaysia to spread the word about the comedy-drama.Kajol and Soundarya have shared a photograph with the first lady of Malaysia, Datin Paduka Seri Rosmah Mansor, on their Instagram and Twitter pages.Malaysia has a sizeable Tamil population and Indian films are in demand among the expatriates.VIP 2 also marks the return of Kajol, 42, to Tamil screen after 20 years.She was last seen in Minsaara Kanavu ? the Tamil original of the Bollywood film Sapnay -- in 1997.?I remember, when I did Sapnay, every night I would sit and study my Tamil script along with my assistant for two hours,? FirstPost quoted her as saying.?I had not studied so much even for my tenth ICSE exams, and after that I decided no more other-language films that I don?t understand,? she added.The actor also revealed how Dhanush lied to her regarding VIP 2 as he told her that 50% of the dialogues of the film would be in English.    One more for the women's club.....with the 1st lady of Malaysia Datin Paduka Rosmah Mansor. A post shared by Kajol Devgan (@kajol) on Jul 27, 2017 at 2:15am PDT ?If I have to put it in kind words like Dhanush, it would be that he didn?t lie to me and just changed his maths a little bit but then I would say that he is bad in maths,? she said in a lighter vein.Kajol also revealed initially she was apprehensive about the language, wondering whether she would be able to speak it or not.Speaking about her comeback, she said, ?I have received the warmest welcome from all my fans and friends for making a comeback after so long and this makes me feel better.?VIP 2 also stars Amala Paul, Vivek, Samuthirakani, Saranya Ponvannan and Monal Gajjar.The release date of VIP 2, which is a sequel to a 2014 film of the same name, is yet to be declared.(With ANI inputs)Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA 37-year-old man was arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle eight gold bars worth ?57 lakh at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi on Wednesday. The accused, a native of Rajasthan, was intercepted after his arrival from Riyadh via Bahrain. Customs said, "The said eight gold bars were found concealed in the electric wire roll."\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 27 (PTI) A 37-year-old man has been arrested by the customs for allegedly trying to smuggle into the country gold valuing about Rs 57 lakh at Indira Gandhi International Airport (IGIA) here. \r\nReacting to Shashi Tharoor's tweet on definition of the word 'snollygoster', a user tweeted, "Following you will help me crack CAT with 100 percentile in English." Another user tweeted, "There can not be snollygoster more apt for any other person than Nitish Kumar", while one more read, "Just retweeting and I feel like I've earned my Wren N Martin Medal."\r\nAfter farrago and webaqoof, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, who is known for his impressive vocabulary, has taken to Twitter to define another difficult word snollygoster.?Word of the day! Definition of *snollygoster*. US dialect: a shrewd, unprincipled politician. First Known Use: 1845. Most recent use: 26/7/17,? the Congress MP tweeted on Thursday.Word of the day!Definition of *snollygoster*US dialect: a shrewd, unprincipled politicianFirst Known Use: 1845Most recent use: 26/7/17? Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) July 27, 2017The tweet immediately caught the attention of social media users and was retweeted more than 1100 times.Some were all praises for his linguistic skills, others thought the word was intended as a jibe at Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar. The Janata Dal(United) chief broke away from the Mahagathbandhan or the grand alliance with Rashtriya Janata Dal and Congress and returned to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) despite being foes for a long time. Kumar?s move came after RJD chief Lalu Prasad rejected the demand for his son and deputy chief minister Tejashwi?s resignation over alleged railway hotel tender scam. Just retweeting and I feel like I've earned my Wren N Martin Medal.? BeeGorgeous (@BeeGorgeous3) July 27, 2017Google is busy searching the meaning of 'Snollygoster' ???? Kabir Khan (@Kabir_TheOne) July 27, 2017Following you will help me crack CAT with 100 percentile in English. pic.twitter.com/uOoFpwAxke? just_another_indian (@justanotherind3) July 27, 2017Nitish a Snollygoster is an understatement. He is actively anti-principle, someone for whom principles are seen as a liability. pic.twitter.com/VrAnufYMY0? INC_Tharoorian (@Tharoorian_INC) July 27, 2017There can not be snollygoster more apt for any other person than Nitish Kumar.We are spellbound with your vocabulbary.And it's apt use.? Amit Ghosh (@amitghoshspeaks) July 27, 2017Twitter users first got a taste of Tharoor?s linguistic prowess when he used an eloquent tweet to slam TV journalist Arnab Goswami?s reporting on his wife Sunanda Pushkar?s death.?Exasperating farrago of distortions, misrepresentations and outright lies being broadcast by an unprincipled showman masquerading as a journalist,? he posted in May this year.Exasperating farrago of distortions, misrepresentations&outright lies being broadcast by an unprincipled showman masquerading as a journalst? Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) May 8, 2017The effect of his tweet was such that it spiked the Google search results for the word farrago.Earlier, he gave another sample of his wordplay with the word ?webaqoof?, which was aimed at people who believe everything on the internet without fact-checking.New Hinglish 21st century dictionary:*Webaqoof*: "one who believes every claim or allegation on the internet & social media must be true"? Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) July 25, 2017\r\nAmerican footballer John Urschel, who played for the Baltimore Ravens, has retired from football to complete his doctoral degree in applied mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Urschel's decision comes after a research involving brains of 111 former NFL players found that 99% of them suffered from a degenerative brain disease known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).\r\nBaltimore Ravens offensive lineman John Urschel has abruptly retired from the NFL after just three seasons, the team announced on Thursday.The 26-year-old from Winnipeg, who is a doctoral candidate in applied mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, was expected to compete for a starting role at center or guard in training camp, which gets under way this week in suburban Baltimore.Urschel?s surprise decision comes two days after the release of a medical study that further underscored the link between the degenerative brain disease chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) and participation in football. Researchers at Boston University and the Boston Veterans Affairs health system examined 111 deceased NFL players? brains that were donated to scientific research and found CTE in 110 of them, or 99% of those studied.The Baltimore Sun and ESPN said that Urschel?s decision was linked to the results of the study, citing anonymous sources close to the team.Urschel?s agent, when reached by the Guardian on Thursday, said the player has no statement or comment and will not be doing media at this time.?This morning, John Urschel informed me of his decision to retire from football,? Ravens coach John Harbaugh said in a statement Thursday. ?We respect John and respect his decision. We appreciate his efforts over the past three years and wish him all the best in his future endeavors.?Urschel has been pursuing his doctorate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the offseason with a concentration on spectral graph theory, numerical linear algebra and machine learning. He earned his bachelor?s and master?s in mathematics at Penn State, where he played on the football team and was chosen by the Ravens in the fifth round of the 2014 NFL draft.A January profile of Urschel for HBO?s newsmagazine Real Sports With Bryant Gumbel found the lineman at odds with reconciling his two gifts. He further elaborated on the dilemma in a first-person essay for the Players? Tribune in 2015.?I recognize that this is somewhat irrational, but I am doing it,? Urschel told HBO?s Bernard Goldberg. ?It?s more important to me that I?m able to do the two things I love. I don?t know if people have really done things that I?ve done before. I don?t know if they?ll do it after me. But I enjoy carving out my own path and not listening to what people say I can and I can?t do.?By retiring after three full seasons, Urschel is eligible for an NFL pension.Urschel is not the first player to attribute early retirement to fears over the connection between football and CTE. In March 2015, San Francisco 49ers linebacker Chris Borland retired after one season, a promising rookie campaign that saw him lead the team in tackles, due to concerns over the long-term effects of head trauma.\r\nFormer international athlete Anil Sharma has been admitted to a city hospital after he was beaten up with bricks and rods following an argument with a group of men in Delhi last week. Sharma is said to be in critical condition and his kidney, pancreas and part of his intestine were reportedly removed.\r\nFormer international athlete Anil Sharma, 43, who has won several medals for the country, is battling for his life in a city hospital after a group of seven to eight men thrashed him with bricks and rods in Central Delhi's Paharganj area on Friday evening.Sharma participated in several power lifting championships under physically challenged category in the 1990s.The incident took place when Sharma, along with two friends, went to Hotel Heritage Inn in Paharganj area. After coming out of the hotel, the three sat down in their car for a conversation. A while later, Sharma received a phone call and got out of the car to talk.Chandra Mohan, the eye-witness of the incident, told Mail Today: "I saw a group of men approach Sharma who was sitting on a scooter and talking on phone. They had a heated argument and the men started beating him up. They attacked him with bricks and rods. One of them threw a brick towards us. It hit me on my head and I became unconscious. The other friend managed to escape."A call was made to the police control room and the duo was rushed to RML hospital.FACE SMASHED, EYE DAMAGED, NOSE BROKENWhile Mohan was discharged after medical aid, Sharma's family transferred him to BL Kapoor hospital. Sharma's face was smashed, leaving a damaged eye and broken nose.The impact of the attack was so severe that the doctors had to remove his kidney, pancreas and part of the intestine. He is currently admitted in the ICU at BL Kapoor hospital and is in critical condition."A major surgery was conducted at BL Kapoor hospital, in which one kidney, which was smashed with a brick, had to be removed. The impact of the attack was such that the pancreas also got damaged. His nose and one eye also got damaged," said Pooja, Sharma's wife.Mohan, a businessman, identified one of the accused as Sharma's friend, Ashu. He also claimed that Ashu has a criminal background and had served punishment in Tihar Jail too.Sharma, who owns a food joint near Hanuman Mandir in Connaught Place, had represented India in an international power lifting championship in the 90s and even won a gold medal. He later left the sport and joined the family business. He has three children, including two daughters.A case has been registered at the Paharganj police station and the investigation is underway. The police said the accused are yet to be nabbed, and added that the CCTV footage from the area is being looked at for clues. \r\nNew Explosive Trace Detectors at Delhi Airport can trace if any items in passengers' bags were in contact with any explosives in the past 24 hours. Shaped like card swipe machines, they are used on random passengers to increase security in the check-in area. The CISF said they can penetrate into bags, meaning they do not need to be opened.\r\nAmid a heightened security threat, the Delhi airport security has new Explosive Trace Detectors (ETD) that can trace if any item in the bag was in contact with any explosive in the past 24 hours. Shaped like a handheld card swipe machine, the new device is used on random passengers coming to Delhi?s Indira Gandhi International Airport (IGIA). Since passengers spend considerable time before the security check at the airport, the CISF stops passengers on a random basis just after they enter the terminal building. Based on profiling, they were taken to a separate enclosure and ETD check was carried on. The device is passed through the baggage and hands of passengers and through colours, it can tell whether the person has packed explosive or any such item. Since passengers and their bags are not checked till they reach the security point, through ETD checks, the CISF wants to ensure better security at the check-in area.Read: Bomb alert! How Delhi airport security failed to detect ?explosives? in a bag?Now, we have an improved version of the device. It can penetrate into the bag and check if there is any trace of any explosive. We don?t need to open the bag in that case. While our staff is highly trained, through better use of technology we try to minimise terror-related incident,? said an official of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF).Officials said there will be some trace of the explosive on a person?s hand if he has touched it before coming to the airport. At Delhi airport, the CISF has separate enclosures just after the entry gate and passengers with suspicious activities are taken there. ?First their baggage is scanned, then they are frisked and then check with ETD is conducted. The handheld device is quite handy and we have about a dozen of them. They are easy to carry and success rate is also very good,? the official added.The CISF is also planning to use handheld ETD to check passengers with artificial limb so that they do not have to go through the trauma of removing it during security check. Usually ETD is used to check the prosthetic limbs but the CISF says it is meant only for detection of explosives and there is always a chance that a person may try to use prosthetic limb to hide a weapon or for smuggling. Now, the CISF has requested for an upgraded version of ETD so that passengers don?t have to go through the trauma of removing it.\r\nBihar CM Nitish Kumar on Friday said that he changed sides by splitting from the Grand Alliance and joining hands with the BJP for 'sewa' (serving), and not 'mewa' (profit). "I faced lot of resistance trying to run the government in the best interest of people of Bihar and preserve the Mahagathbandhan, but failed due to RJD's attitude," he added.\r\nBihar chief minister Nitish Kumar comfortably won a trust vote in the assembly on Friday, securing the support of 131 legislators including those of his new ally BJP, but insisted that his change of sides was for ?sewa? and not ?mewa?.Kumar?s fresh stint as the chief minister came two days after he surprised his former coalition partners, the RJD and Congress, to part ways and return to the BJP, his former ally with which he ran a previous coalition government till 2013.?To be in power devolves great responsibility to govern, not earn. Yeh sewa ka Avsar hai, na ki mewa ka (It is an opportunity to serve, not profit,? he said before seeking the trust vote.?I faced lot of resistance trying to run the government in the best interest of people of Bihar and preserve the mahagathbandhan, but failed due to RJD?s attitude,? he said.He, however, added it was ?the mandate of Bihar and the responsibility to the people?.The RJD-led opposition secured 108 votes. Four legislators did not vote, two on technical grounds and one calling sick. Two of the four independent legislators voted for Kumar in the House of 243.The RJD and Congress? demand for a secret ballot was turned down by speaker Vijay Kumar Choudhary.After the speaker?s proposal for a voice vote was rejected, a lobby division method was opted for. Legislators went of the House and came back one by one and signed a register indicating their vote, for or against the motion.Before the vote, opposition leader and former deputy chief minister, Tejashwi Yadav, made an emotional speech, dismissing corruption charges against him were cooked up.?I am young. Only 28. It was my success, which unnerved the JD(U), which plotted for my removal,? he said, adding that Kumar was aware of his ?honesty?.?Is there any charge against me in the last 20 months of improriety during my tenure in office?... If it was about corruption, the JD(U) should not have allied with my father, who was facing cases; yet it happened,? he said.?There is just an FIR, not a proved case; so where was the question of my resignation?? he added referring to the controversry over his refusal to quit that led to Kumar pulling of the grand alliance.?The chief minister never ever asked for my resignation either,? he said.Senior BJP leader, Nand Kishore Yadav, alleged that RJD chief Lalu Prasad ran the government through his son Tejashwi.Sushil Kumar Modi, the deputy chief minister who replaced Tejashwi, said, ?I thank the Congress and the RJD for not asking Tejashwi to resign. Had that happened, I would not have been on the right side.??If the RJD insists that the mandate was not followed, it should introspect, whether it was for the likes of Mohammad Shahabuddin and Rajballabh Yadav? It is better now, that the government is in right hands,? he said, referring to two controversial aides of Lalu.?The new government will register fresh milestones in successful governance, which was lacking in the last regime due to RJD?s intransigence,? he added.\r\nAfter Bihar CM Nitish Kumar won floor test, RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav's son Tejashwi said, "If it was about corruption, JD(U) shouldn't have allied with my father, who was facing cases." Notably, Nitish had resigned as the CM and split from the Grand Alliance while taking a stand on fighting against corruption following graft charges against alliance partner RJD.\r\nBihar chief minister Nitish Kumar comfortably won a trust vote in the assembly on Friday, securing the support of 131 legislators including those of his new ally BJP, but insisted that his change of sides was for ?sewa? and not ?mewa?.Kumar?s fresh stint as the chief minister came two days after he surprised his former coalition partners, the RJD and Congress, to part ways and return to the BJP, his former ally with which he ran a previous coalition government till 2013.?To be in power devolves great responsibility to govern, not earn. Yeh sewa ka Avsar hai, na ki mewa ka (It is an opportunity to serve, not profit,? he said before seeking the trust vote.?I faced lot of resistance trying to run the government in the best interest of people of Bihar and preserve the mahagathbandhan, but failed due to RJD?s attitude,? he said.He, however, added it was ?the mandate of Bihar and the responsibility to the people?.The RJD-led opposition secured 108 votes. Four legislators did not vote, two on technical grounds and one calling sick. Two of the four independent legislators voted for Kumar in the House of 243.The RJD and Congress? demand for a secret ballot was turned down by speaker Vijay Kumar Choudhary.After the speaker?s proposal for a voice vote was rejected, a lobby division method was opted for. Legislators went of the House and came back one by one and signed a register indicating their vote, for or against the motion.Before the vote, opposition leader and former deputy chief minister, Tejashwi Yadav, made an emotional speech, dismissing corruption charges against him were cooked up.?I am young. Only 28. It was my success, which unnerved the JD(U), which plotted for my removal,? he said, adding that Kumar was aware of his ?honesty?.?Is there any charge against me in the last 20 months of improriety during my tenure in office?... If it was about corruption, the JD(U) should not have allied with my father, who was facing cases; yet it happened,? he said.?There is just an FIR, not a proved case; so where was the question of my resignation?? he added referring to the controversry over his refusal to quit that led to Kumar pulling of the grand alliance.?The chief minister never ever asked for my resignation either,? he said.Senior BJP leader, Nand Kishore Yadav, alleged that RJD chief Lalu Prasad ran the government through his son Tejashwi.Sushil Kumar Modi, the deputy chief minister who replaced Tejashwi, said, ?I thank the Congress and the RJD for not asking Tejashwi to resign. Had that happened, I would not have been on the right side.??If the RJD insists that the mandate was not followed, it should introspect, whether it was for the likes of Mohammad Shahabuddin and Rajballabh Yadav? It is better now, that the government is in right hands,? he said, referring to two controversial aides of Lalu.?The new government will register fresh milestones in successful governance, which was lacking in the last regime due to RJD?s intransigence,? he added.\r\nGujarat MLAs Mansingh Chouhan and Chhanabhai Chaudhary have quit Congress to join BJP on Friday, a day after three other MLAs had quit the party and joined BJP. The resignations come days after senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela was sacked from the party. Notably, Gujarat Assembly elections for the 182-member House will be held by the end of this year.\r\nA day after three Congress MLAs resigned from the party and joined the BJP in a huff in poll-bound Gujarat, two more legislators switched sides and joined the saffron party today. Vasda MLA Chhana Chaudhry and Balasinor's Mansinh Chauhan are the latest Congress leaders to join BJP. They have submitted their resignations to Speaker Ramanlal Vora. Chaudhary and Chauhan are believed to be close to rebel leader and former Chief Minister Shankersinh Vaghela, who quit as Leader of Opposition on his birthday on July 21, alleging that there was an intra-party conspiracy to oust him from the Congress.On Thursday, Balwantsinh Rajput, MLA from Siddhpur and Chief Whip of the Congress, Tejashree Patel from Viramgam, and Vijapur legislator PI Patel had submitted their resignations to the Speaker and later went to the BJP headquarters, Kamalam, to join the party.\xa0Within minutes of joining the BJP, Balwantsinh Rajput was named the third Rajya Sabha candidate of the BJP, besides national president Amit Shah and Union Minister Smriti Irani.\xa0Rajput was already rumoured to be planning to contest the Rajya Sabha election against official party nominee Ahmed Patel, the political secretary to Congress President Sonia Gandhi.\xa0Balwantsinh Rajput's daughter is married to Vaghela's son Mahendrasinh, also an MLA.Tejashree Patel and PI Patel asserted that the Congress had failed to take a position on the demand of the Patidars (Patels) for reservation to the community in government jobs and educational institutions.\xa0"I have resigned from the Congress with a very heavy heart. I have worked for the party for 25 long years," Tejashree Patel, a firebrand woman leader and one of the most active legislators of the Congress in the state Assembly, bemoaned.\xa0"From top to bottom, there is intra-party politicking in the Congress. The party never took a clear position on the aspirations of the Patidars," she said. "I have joined Narendra Modi's journey of development," she added.\xa0Similarly, PI Patel also said, "The Congress has done injustice to the Patels." Balwantsinh Rajput echoed Tejashree Patel and said, "Modi is Vikas Purush."\xa0Rajput and PI Patel are from the North Gujarat constituency of Vijapur. Vaghela hails from North Gujarat too.\r\nActor Akshay Kumar, while talking about an incident from his childhood, revealed that he was touched inappropriately by an elevator operator. Akshay added, "Since I had good communication with my parents, I told them about this incident." Akshay further said his father filed a complaint against the man, who was later arrested and found to be a habitual offender.\r\nBollywood superstar Akshay Kumar on?Thursday narrated an incident from his own life to highlight the risk children face in day-to-day life, and importance of communication to identify sexual predators.He was speaking at an international conference on human trafficking on Mumbai.Akshay Kumar during an international conference on women trafficking in Mumbai on Thursday. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(PTI)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?Let me share my own experience with you all here. When I was a very young kid, a lift-man once touched me inappropriately.?Since I had good communication with my parents, I told them about this incident,? he said.Later, the same person was caught in another case and was found to be a habitual offender, the actor said.Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis Maharashtra minister for Women and Child Development Pankaja Munde and actor Akshay Kumar during an international conference on women trafficking in Mumbai on Thursday. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(PTI)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tParents and children must have a free interaction so that such offenders are identified immediately, he said. Akshay is currently awaiting the release of his film Toilet: Ek Prem Katha with Bhumi Pednekar.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\n'Indu Sarkar', which is based on 1975 Emergency, is "confused between criticising the sarkar and championing it", wrote Hindustan Times. NDTV said, "It's high on dramatic flourish, low on impact." Meanwhile, Times of India wrote, "Indu Sarkar is at its best when it focuses on its protagonist's emotional struggles...leaving politics behind." It was rated 3/5 (TOI), 2/5 (HT), 1.5/5 (NDTV).\r\nIndu SarkarDirector: Madhur BhandarkarCast: Kriti Kulhari, Neil Nitin Mukesh, Anupam Kher, Tota Roy Chowdhury, Sheeba Chaddha, Ankur Vikal and Zakir HussainRating: 2/5With the kind of publicity and controversies it attracted, almost everyone knows the basic premise of Madhur Bhandarkar?s film. Indu Sarkar, that hits theatres on Friday, is a political drama set against the backdrop of the Emergency.{"@context":"http://schema.org","@type":"Review","author": {"@type":"Person","name":"Sweta Kaushal","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/columns/sweta-kaushal"},"datePublished":"2017-07-28","description":"Indu Sarkar movie review: Madhur Bhandarkar?s latest film starring Kriti Kulhari and Neil Nitin Mukesh has a confused narrative and melodrama that dethrones the attempt to champion the cause of democracy.","inLanguage":"en","itemReviewed": {"@type":"Movie","name":"Indu Sarkar","image":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/rf/image_size_960x540/HT/p2/2017/07/28/Pictures/_65bff6b4-7346-11e7-a83f-2f06dfe08b4c.JPG","sameAs":"http://www.imdb.com/title/tt6620324/","datePublished":"2017-07-28","director": {"@type":"Person","name":"Madhur Bhandarkar"},"actor": [{"@type": "Person","name": "Neil Nitin Mukesh","sameAs": ""},{"@type": "Person","name": "Kriti Kulhari","sameAs": ""}]},"publisher": {"@type":"Organization","name":"Hindustan Times","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/"},"reviewRating": {"@type":"Rating","worstRating":0.0,"bestRating":5,"ratingValue":"2"}}Indu Sarkar opens with the announcement of the Emergency blaring from radio sets and glaring on front pages of newspapers. It then takes us to a fictitious village in Delhi-Haryana border area, Mubipura, where people are gearing up for a wedding. Suddenly, cops reach the place looking for men to be sterilized. When the men try to hide, the cops hunt them down and drag them even as a 70-year-old and a 13-year-old male ask policemen to consider the futility of including them in the government-ordered drive. Indu Sarkar soon moves to the central character, Indu (Kriti) - an orphan who wants to become a poet but is told she must only dream to become a good wife and make a family. Following the advice, she marries Navin Sarkar (Tota Roy Chowdhury) who dreams of money, power and fame, while Indu?s dream is only to be a good wife. For almost half of the fiIm, Indu Sarkar remains the story of a docile, humble and meek orphan who surrenders to every whims and fancies of her husband even as she fights her own stammering and a lack of confidence.How this rather ?homely? woman stumbles upon victims of a police raid in a slum, decides to fight for them and eventually becomes one of the most powerful voices of dissent during the Emergency, form the rest of the narrative.Neil Nitin Mukesh in a still from the film.While the film was publicised as a film ?on Emergency?, it actually oscillates between a political drama and a typical Bollywood film about a couple. Unfortunately, the transition between the two narratives is neither smooth nor convincing.One of the saddest moments in the movie comes when Indu, after she has left her husband?s house for the sake of a couple of lost orphan kids, decides to sign the divorce papers Navin sends. When asked why she agreed for the divorce, she says, ?Saath reh kar acchi biwi nahi ban payi, ho sakta hai alag ho kar sukh de paun. (I could not be a good wife, maybe I can give him some comfort by staying away).? As if, all the protest and fight for freedom from a dictatorial government was nothing but a tool to pacify the husband.The background score of Indu Sarkar is too loud and misplaced. At times when a rather emotional moment is approaching, what you hear is the loud melodramatic sound usually used in Bollywood suspense dramas. Anupam Kher in a in a still from the film.Despite having gathered a group of critically appreciated actors, Madhur Bhandarkar fails to make the best use of them. Neil Nitin Mukesh is one of the most wasted talents in the movie. He has given some of his best performances as a mean, high-on-power person but his act as ?chief? in Indu Sarkar appears too superficial. Anupam Kher and Kriti Kulhari take the lead in acting department and stay true to their characters for most of the part. The supporting casts including Sheeba Chaddha, Ankur Vikal and Zakir Hussain, among others appear genuine in their roles.Neil Nitin Mukesh in a still from the film.However, the over-dramatic tone of the film kills their performances and leaves us with dialogues like ?Ek goli ne mere jawan, 6 foot ke bete ko 6 inch ki tasveer bana diya.?Trying to find logic in Indu Sarkar often becomes a task. For example, why does Indu keep roaming around in a rickshaw/auto in the Turkman Gate area every time she needs to witness an eye-opener about the Emergency when she is otherwise driven around in her husband?s car? Or, for that matter, why do the protesters (led by Anupam Kher as ?Nanaji?) keep naming each other when they meet inside a cinema hall to avoid getting caught by the cops? Isn?t the entire purpose of disguise defeated if they use the real names? What is the reason, do you ask? Well, Bollywood is the only word that comes to our mind.Kriti Kulhari in a still from the film.For those interested in the politics of films, there are two ways to look at Madhur Bhandarkar?s Indu Sarkar.One is to look it as a propaganda film against the Congress party, aims at showcasing the atrocities inflicted upon various communities during the Emergency. There is a subtle, yet, extremely clear attempt to highlight Muslims forming a major portion of the victims. We have Neil Nitin Mukesh channelling Sanjay Gandhi as the prime minister?s son who is only referred to as the ?chief? while the PM is referred to as ?mummyji?. The unofficial ban on Kishore Kumar from radio and television after he refused to sing for Sanjay Gandhi also gets a mention in the film. On the other hand, you can see Indu Sarkar as a double-edged sword. While it depicts the Emergency and the Gandhi family as the perpetrators of cruelty and injustice inflicted upon the masses, the film actually shows the misuse of power. If Madhur Bhandarkar wanted to patronise the ruling party, the irony of his own film is lost on him. The irony of Indu Sarkar is that it is so indulgent in highlighting the importance of free speech and democracy that you could change a few names, few other situations and it could well have been a film about the crisis India is facing today: People with allegiances to the ruling party exploiting the masses and even politicians at their own will.So, in the sheer hope that Madhur actually aimed for the latter political purpose, two stars for Indu Sarkar.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Andhra Pradesh government on Thursday issued orders appointing badminton star and 2016 Rio Olympics silver medallist PV Sindhu as Deputy Collector. Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu handed over the appointment letter to Sindhu, who met him at the Secretariat in Amaravati along with her parents. Notably, Sindhu had been awarded ?3 crore by the state government.\r\nAndhra Pradesh government on Thursday issued orders appointing badminton superstar and 2016 Rio Olympics silver medallist P V Sindhu as deputy collector.Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu handed over the appointment letter to Sindhu, who met him at the Secretariat in Amaravati along with her parents in the morning. Naidu wished her all the best in her new assignment and Sindhu thanked him for reposing faith in her.She, however, said her first priority would be sports and she would continue to represent the country in all the national and international badminton tournaments.According to the orders, Sindhu has to join the duties within 30 days and report to the Special Chief Secretary and Chief Commissioner of Land Administration, Vijayawada, with all the relevant certificates. Later, she will be allotted the district for appointment as the deputy collector and will have to undergo training as per the government rules.READ | HS?Prannoy beats Parupalli Kashyap to lift US?Open badminton titleThe orders further said Sindhu should execute a bond stating that she would serve the government for a period of three years after the completion of training. She will be on probation for a period of two years on duty within a continuous period of three years. And during the probationary period, she will have to pass the mandatory tests conducted by the government under relevant rules.If Sindhu follows the norms and procedures of the Andhra Pradesh government, she would be eligible for the conferment of Indian Administrative Service (IAS) cadre by the Union Public Service Commission within nine years.It may be mentioned that Naidu had offered Sindhu a group-1 rank officer job while felicitating her on her return from Rio Olympics with the silver medal. Besides the job offer, the government gave her Rs. 3 crore as cash prize and a 1,000 square yard residential plot in Amaravati after she won silver medal for the country at the Rio Olympics.Sindu accepted the offer and formally applied for the Group-I officer post in February this year. Subsequently, the state assembly unanimously passed a Bill amending the AP Public Services Act, providing a Group-I officer job to Sindhu. The amendment to the Act was required as this special appointment bypasses the regular recruitment process through the AP Public Service Commission. Later, the APPSC also cleared the proposal.\r\nThe US Transportation Security Administration has made it mandatory for foreign carriers to perform Explosive Trace Device checks for US-bound flights, MoS for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha has said. He added that the Delhi and Mumbai Airports will get Explosive Trace Device checks for US-bound Air India flights. The checks will be for all portable gadgets larger than a smartphone. \r\n\r\nA Russian man suspected of laundering at least $4 billion in digital currency Bitcoin has been arrested in Greece on Wednesday. The accused, Alexander Vinnik was described as the operator of BTC-e, an exchange used to trade Bitcoin since 2011, by US officials. Vinnik reportedly laundered the money for people involved in crimes like computer hacking and drug trafficking.\r\nThe Russian ?internationally sought ?mastermind? of a crime organisation? accused of laundering more than $4bn in bitcoin, including funds obtained from the hack of failed bitcoin exchange Mt Gox, has been arrested in Greece.A US jury indicted Alexander Vinnik on Wednesday after his arrest in a small beachside village in northern Greece on Tuesday, following an investigation led by the US justice department along with several other federal agencies and task forces.Vinnik was described by the justice department as the operator of BTC-e, an exchange used to trade the digital currency bitcoin since 2011, which was allegedly used to launder more than $4bn for people involved in crimes ranging from computer hacking to drug trafficking.US authorities also linked him to the failure of Mt Gox, the Japan-based bitcoin exchange that collapsed in 2014 after being hacked. Vinnik ?obtained? funds from the hack of Mt Gox and laundered them through BTC-e and Tradehill, another San Francisco-based exchange he owned, they said in the statement.?Just as new computer technologies continue to change the way we engage each other and experience the world, so too will criminals subvert these new technologies to serve their own nefarious purposes,? said Brian Stretch, US attorney for the Northern District of California.Vinnik?s arrest is the latest in a series of US operations against Russian cybercriminals in Europe, including the taking down of two of the biggest dark web marketplaces for drugs, guns and other illicit items, AlphaBay and Hansa, last week.The prosecutions also coincide with intensified scrutiny of Russian hackers after US intelligence officials determined that Russia interfered in the 2016 US presidential election using cyber-warfare methods to help Donald Trump, something Moscow denies.During his time in the digital currency market, US authorities allege Vinnik facilitated crimes including hacking, fraud, identity theft, tax refund fraud, public corruption and drug trafficking. Greek police described Vinnik as a ?an internationally sought ?mastermind? of a crime organisation?. BTC-e, which has been out of service for more than a day, attributed this to ?unplanned maintenance?. In a tweet on Wednesday after the arrest of Vinnik, BTC-e said it would restore service in the next five to 10 days.The exchange is one of the oldest virtual currency platforms. It allows users to trade bitcoin pseudonymously against a variety of fiat and virtual currencies, and is known in cryptocurrency markets as having relaxed standards for checking users? identity, and for not collaborating with law enforcement.\r\nA drunk woman who was caught for rash driving started hugging and kissing a policeman after he approached her, Kolkata Police said on Thursday. Other policemen stopped her after seeking the help of another woman nearby. The incident occurred around midnight, and the accused, in her late 30s, was taken to the police station with two other people accompanying her. \r\nThis is one kiss which the recipient could have never expected. A policeman who stopped and hauled up a drunk woman for rash driving ended up being hugged and smooched, police said Thursday. The woman, in her late 30s, was driving her car while returning from a party around Wednesday-Thursday midnight in an allegedly heavily inebriated condition, police said.She apparently lost control at the Chingrihata crossing on the Eastern Metropolitan by-pass close to Salt Lake and hit a divider.However, when a taxi driver tried to rescue her, the woman thrashed him.Then a constable tried to bring out the woman and her two friends - a man and a woman, who were also under the influence of liquor A- from the car. But, the policeman was hardly prepared for what followed next.The woman pulled him towards her, hugged him tightly, and started raining kisses on him.The other policemen sought help from another woman present at the spot, finally managed to extricate their colleague and take the three to the Bidhannagar South police station.The woman has been booked for rash driving under the influence of liquor. Cases have also been initiated against her two friends for misconduct.?We may even start a case against the woman driver for trying to bribe a policeman by kissing him,? said a police officer lightheartedly.\r\nA father-son duo, who were owners of a roadside eatery in Delhi's Najafgarh, were shot dead by four people on Wednesday, following an argument over the direction of air-cooler. Reportedly, the accused had insisted on turning the cooler vent to their direction after which they shot the owners when they rejected their demand, saying other customers also required the cooler. \r\nA father-son duo was shot dead by four men after an argument over an air cooler at a roadside eatery in south-west Delhi?s Najafgarh area on Wednesday night.Shyam (52) and Mayank (23), the owners of the eatery, were at the cash counter when four men came on bikes and ordered food around 9.30pm. They were served on a table on the roadside. One of them, who was feeling hot, reportedly turned the air cooler towards his table but Mayank objected, saying the other customers will feel hot. ?Mayank said that if he turns the entire vent to himself, the other customers will feel hot. He asked the men to shift their table but they refused. This led to an argument and the men insisted on turning the cooler to where they were sitting,? a senior police officer said.Road rage to fight over food bill: Why Delhi is on short fuseThe argument turned ugly when Mayank asked them to leave the dhaba. One of them then took out a pistol and shot at Mayank. The bullet hit his chest and he collapsed on the ground. Shyam (52) and Mayank (23), the owners of the eatery, were at the cash counter when four men came on bikes and ordered food around 9.30pmHearing the gunshot, his father Shyam came out and as he tried to catch hold of them, he too was shot. ?The men shot Mayank and Shyam. They left the men bleeding at the spot and fled. A customer called the police. The injured men were rushed to the hospital where they died during treatment,? a senior police officer said. ?We have sent their bodies for a postmortem examination and their family has been informed,? he said.In a statement, an eyewitness told the police that the men fired two rounds, one at Mayank and other at Shyam, and fled the spot. The police registered a case of murder and have begun investigation. ?We have identified the men and are raiding their possible hideouts to make the arrests. They are from the area and will soon be arrested. Further investigation is on,? a police officer said.\r\nThe University Grants Commission has directed universities across the country to install alarm bells in hostels to keep a check on ragging-related activities. A circular issued by UGC also stated that if institutions fail to punish perpetrators suitably, it will attract punitive action. Notably, 288 ragging complaints have been received by the anti-ragging call centre so far this year.\r\nThe University Grants Commission (UGC) has asked the universities across the country to install alarm bells in hostels to identify troublemakers  as part of the anti-ragging measures. The commission issued a circular on Wednesday, asking all the higher educational institutes to take steps to prevent ragging and warned them of punitive action if they failed to take action against those found guilty. ?Any violation of these regulations will be viewed seriously. If an institution fails to take adequate steps to prevent ragging or does not act in accordance with these regulations or fails to punish perpetrators suitably, it will attract punitive action by the UGC,? reads the circular issued by Jaspal S Sandhu, secretary, UGC.So far, as many as 288 ragging-related complaints have been received by the anti-ragging call centre. Last year, the number stood at 515 and in 2015 it was 423. Most of the complaints have been received from Uttar Pradesh, followed by Madhya Pradesh. Universities have been asked to step up anti-ragging mechanisms by constituting an anti-ragging committee, anti-ragging squad, setting up anti-ragging cell and installing CCTVs. Some of the measures also include identification of troublemakers and surprise checks in hostels, student accommodations, canteens, recreational rooms, toilets and bus stops. Students in distress can call the national anti-ragging helpline 1800-180-5522 round-the-clock. The commission has also made four short films and a documentary film to counsel students on ill-effects of ragging. \r\nA research conducted on the donated brains of 111 NFL players has found that 99% of them showed symptoms of a degenerative brain disease known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE). The study also found that the disease was increasingly severe in players who had spent more time on the field.\r\nThe largest ever study of cases of football players with the degenerative brain disease chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) has, again, found a link between the condition and ?prior participation in football?, particularly in professionals.The study looked at the brains of 111 NFL players and found CTE in 110 of them, or 99% of those studied.Researchers at Boston University and the Boston Veterans Affairs health system examined the brains of 202 high school, college, semi-professional and NFL players for evidence of the disease. They found increasingly severe CTE in players who had spent more time on the field. ?My hope is we?ll stop arguing about whether or not this is a problem, or whether or not it needs to be addressed,? said Dr Ann McKee of Boston University. ?We need to take our heads out of the sand. It?s not going away because we want it to.? CTE is associated with repeated blows to the head, including concussions. Symptoms include difficulty with attention and memory, dementia, mood disorders and headaches. The players in the study had played football for an average of 15 years, and died at a median age of 66 years old. CTE can only be definitively diagnosed after death.Researchers found the most severe cases of CTE in athletes who had played the longest, and at the highest levels. For example, the three high school football players identified with CTE had mild symptoms, but the majority of college and semi-professional players (56%) had severe signs of the disease. Eighty-six percent of professional players had severe CTE. Players with the most severe CTE were also most likely to report clinical symptoms. Of the 84 participants with severe CTE, 80 (95%) had cognitive symptoms, 75 (89%) had behavioral, mood symptoms or both, and 71 (85%) had signs of dementia. Researchers warned that their study can not be used to assess how many people who play football develop CTE, because their sample was not random. The brains were donated by family members, most of whom said their loved ones had reported CTE symptoms during their lifetimes. The former Chicago Bears running back Mike Adamle said he and others have formed a ?fraternity? of players who have suspected cases of the disease. ?The only thing I remember is he said, ?You have symptoms that are concurrent with CTE,?? said Adamle, about a clinical diagnosis from his doctor. ?We?ve got sort of a fraternity of players who just call each other up whenever we need it and for lack of a better phrase talk each other off the ledge ? You really do get paranoid and depressed.?CTE was at first believed to primarily impact boxers, but in recent years it has increasingly become associated with football, hockey and military service. The NFL has for years been under sustained scrutiny because of the head trauma players endure. The NFL maintains that player safety is a top priority. However, as recently as 2016, a congressional investigation accused the NFL of seeking to influence CTE research with donations to the National Institutes of Medicine. The NFL only acknowledged a link between degenerative brain disorders and the sport in 2016, after years of downplaying the links. The league also recently settled a class action lawsuit with players for $1bn. ?This is just the individuals who have come into our bank,? said McKee, noting it is unclear how many more players may have the disease. She said the need to be able to diagnose the disease while people are still alive is increasingly urgent. ?We need to bring them reasons for hope and optimism,? she said. In a statement to the Guardian, the NFL said it welcomed McKee?s research. ?We appreciate the work done by Dr McKee and her colleagues for the value it adds in the ongoing quest for a better understanding of CTE. Case studies such as those compiled in this updated paper are important to further advancing the science and progress related to head trauma. The medical and scientific communities will benefit from this publication and the NFL will continue to work with a wide range of experts to improve the health of current and former NFL athletes. ?As noted by the authors, there are still many unanswered questions relating to the cause, incidence and prevalence of long-term effects of head trauma such as CTE. The NFL is committed to supporting scientific research into CTE and advancing progress in the prevention and treatment of head injuries.?\r\nAn ISIS suspect from Bengaluru, who lived with a fake name in Himachal Pradesh's Kullu district church, was sentenced to five-year jail term by an NIA court on Thursday. He was arrested in December 2016 and was on NIA's radar. He confessed working with ISIS' sleeper cell and revealed that some of his plans didn't mature due to insufficient funds.\r\nAn NIA court on Thursday sentenced an ISIS suspect from Bengaluru to five years in jail.Special judge Virender Singh also imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on Abid Khan alias Abu Mohammad.Khan, who was living in a church in Banjar area of Kullu district using the fake name of Paul C Neo, was arrested by an NIA team in December 2016.He was on NIA?s radar and according to the prosecution, he confessed that he was working with a sleeper cell of the ISIS and also gave crucial information.Khan, who knows six languages, fully cooperated with the NIA and also revealed that he planned to meet his friend in Indonesia and later go to Syria though the plan did not mature as he did not have sufficient money, it said.He has been sent to Kanda Jail though he has requested that he be transferred to Karnataka as his parents are aged. \r\nOfficials of India and Bangladesh on Thursday agreed to construct gates along the border to allow free and safe passage for wild elephants. Officials have identified 12 points in Meghalaya and one in Assam along the border where fences would be pulled down to build gates. The initiative would also permit transboundary movement of elephant rescue teams.\r\nIllegal migrants from Bangladesh entering India is a contentious issue between both neighbours. While New Delhi contends large-scale influx from across the border, Dhaka has denied these migrants are their citizens.There was no such difference though when officials of both nations agreed on Thursday to construct gates along the border to allow ?free and safe passage? for wild elephants.Setting up of the gates was one of the 18 points of action agreed between both countries at the 2nd Indo-Bangladesh dialogue on trans-boundary conservation of elephants held at Shillong.?Trans-border migration of animals is a natural process. But due to erection of border fences, there have been occasions when elephants have broken barriers to continue on their route. The gates will allow them safe passage,? India?s director general of forest Siddhanta Das told HT.Officials have identified 12 points in Meghalaya and one in Assam along the border, which are used by wild elephants to travel to Bangladesh, where the gates will be constructed.It is estimated nearly 20 pachyderms from India move to Bangladesh annually around winter and return later.?We will be tracking these animals and use the services of security and forest personnel on both sides of the border to ensure that the elephants don?t face any problems,? said Das.Construction of the gates, which would require cutting of border fencing between both countries at some points, is expected to be over before the 3rd round of the dialogue on the issue in Dhaka next year.Both countries also agreed to discourage and regulate construction of electric fences to protect crops in the areas which fall in the routes taken by the elephants to prevent deaths due to electrocution.Measures to prevent or bring down incidents of human-elephant conflict while the pachyderms crisscross between both countries, such as setting up warning systems and planting of trees to act as bio-fence, were also discussed.There are nearly 9,000 wild elephants in the northeast region, around 1800 of them in Meghalaya alone, and sometimes they venture to Bangladesh in search of food or mates.Last year, a wild elephant was swept away to Bangladesh by the flooded waters of Brahmaputra from Dhubri in Assam. The animal, named Banga Bahadur by people in Bangladesh, died after 50 days of efforts between two countries to bring it back.\r\nA woman has sued Airbnb for negligence for allowing her to rent a Los Angeles room from a host previously accused of domestic violence. Leslie Lapayowker alleged Carlos Del Olmo, listed as a "superhost" for positive reviews, sexually assaulted her. Airbnb said it had conducted a background check but allowed Del Olmo to be a host because he wasn't convicted. \r\nAn Airbnb guest is seeking to hold the company accountable for an alleged sexual assault, claiming in a first-of-its-kind lawsuit that she was attacked by a host who was not properly screened.The suit, filed Thursday by Leslie Lapayowker, raises fresh questions about the tech firm?s legal responsibilities when hosts violate laws or engage in criminal conduct.Lapayowker is accusing Airbnb of negligence when it allowed her to rent a room from Carlos Del Olmo, who was previously accused of domestic violence. ?I don?t want this to happen to other women,? Lapayowker, a 51-year-old New Mexico woman, told the Guardian. ?It was horrible, and I think that everybody should be warned that this could potentially happen to them or their daughter or their wife or their sister.? Reached by phone, Del Olmo said he was not aware of the complaint and vehemently denied the sexual assault allegation, noting that criminal charges were never filed. An Airbnb spokesperson said that it had conducted a background check on Del Olmo, but because he was not convicted in a previous case, he was allowed to be a host. The company also said it removed him from the site after learning of Lapayowker?s claims.Lapayowker moved to Los Angeles in July of 2016 for a new job as a mortgage broker and had planned to live in Del Olmo?s Airbnb for a month while looking for permanent housing. Del Olmo, who was renting a studio attached to his house, was a ?verified? user and considered a ?superhost? for Airbnb, meaning he had positive reviews and frequently had guests.?I assumed that I would be in especially good hands,? said Lapayowker.But, according to the suit, Del Olmo immediately made her uncomfortable by making sexually suggestive comments, pounding on her windshield while she was in her car and screaming at his son loud enough so she could hear.?He scared me,? she added.Lapayowker decided to leave after three nights, and when she returned to get a laptop she left and told him she was moving out early, Del Olmo said he ?wanted to show her something of importance inside the studio?, the suit said.He then allegedly locked the door, dropped his shorts and began masturbating in front of her, demanding that she touch him and ?taste it?. He ignored her pleas to stop, shoved his tongue into her mouth and eventually ejaculated into a trashcan, according to the lawsuit.He then let her leave the room, saying, ?Don?t forget to leave me a positive review on Airbnb?, the complaint said.?I was completely in shock. I was totally numb,? Lapayowker recalled, saying she initially hesitated calling police. ?I was terrified he would find out where I live and come after me.?Later that month, she reported the incident to police and to Airbnb, which banned Del Olmo from the site. Authorities ultimately declined to file charges, because officials said there was not enough evidence, according to Lapayowker?s attorney. Prosecutors did not immediately respond to requests for comment.But an attorney for Lapayowker discovered that Del Olmo had an earlier arrest in Florida for a battery charge and domestic violence case. A police report said that, according to the victim?s account, he had pulled her hair and dragged her during an argument. He entered a diversion program, which is an alternative to prosecution, the records showed.Lapayowker, who had previously been an Airbnb ?superhost? herself, said she was in disbelief when she learned of the past case: ?I was just furious. Why would they let somebody like this be a host??An Airbnb spokesperson said it runs background checks on all US hosts and guests, looking for matches with terrorist watch lists, felony convictions, sex offender registries and ?significant misdemeanors?.?The abhorrent behavior described has no place in our community and we will not tolerate it. We have been trying to support her in any way we can and we will continue to do so,? the company said in a statement to the Guardian.Del Olmo claimed the encounter with Lapayowker was ?consensual?. He said: ?This woman just fully lied and made everything up.? He said that the woman in the Florida case also lied and noted that he was not convicted.He also argued that it was unfair for Airbnb to kick him off the platform: ?Airbnb has no respect for the homeowner ? who is the one putting themselves in a liability situation.?Teresa Li, Lapayowker?s attorney, argued that Airbnb misleads users with branding that emphasizes the safety of the platform and calling it a ?trusted community marketplace?.?They lure you in and give you this false sense of security,? she said.Airbnb has previously argued that it is not legally responsible when its hosts racially discriminate or violate local housing laws.Lapayowker, who said she is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, said she felt Airbnb didn?t take her case seriously: ?I feel like they don?t care. Their entire model is to just get as much business as possible.? \r\nAustralia's Queensland is building a 2,000-kilometre network of electric vehicle charging stations, which will make up one of the longest electric vehicle highways in the world. The Electric Super Highway will be completed within six months. Its stations will offer free power for at least one year, in an attempt to boost the number of electric cars in Queensland. \r\nQueensland will have a 2,000km network of electric vehicle charging stations that make up one of the world?s longest electric vehicle highways within six months.The state government announced on Thursday it would build an 18-station network stretching along Queensland?s east coast from Cairns to Coolangatta and west to Toowoomba.The stations, which recharge a vehicle in 30 minutes, will offer free power for at least a year in what the environment minister, Steven Miles, said was a bid to boost the number of electric cars on Queensland roads, currently about 700.?This project is ambitious, but we want as many people as possible on board the electric vehicle revolution, as part of our transition to a low-emissions future,? Miles said.The $3m network had ?the potential to revolutionise the way we travel around Queensland in the future?, he said.Queensland?s ?electric highway? will span a comparable distance to the ?west coast electric highway? in the US, which runs from California to Oregon and Washington state. However it is dwarfed by the Trans-Canada EV highway, which, at about 8,000km, is the world?s longest.But the US in total now boasts 16,107 stations and 43,828 charging outlets, according to the US Department of Energy. Tesla drivers can reputedly make journeys of 20,000 km.The Queensland stations, which will range from the capital Brisbane to the small sugar town of Tully, would be powered with ?green energy? bought through renewable energy credits or offsets.Miles said a state household energy survey showed half of Queenslanders would consider ?an electric vehicle, plug-in hybrid or regenerative braking hybrid? when buying a new car in the next two years.While lower prices and longer-lasting batteries were driving global uptake, most in the survey said ?improvements to public fast-charging infrastructure would further tempt them into purchasing an EV?, Miles said.Car executives from Audi, BMW, Hyundai, Jaguar Land Rover, Mercedes Benz and Mitsubishi lined up to praise the move and called on other states to follow.The Audi Australia managing director, Paul Sansom, said electric car drivers travelling ?the vast distances in between our capital cities ? need to have confidence that they will be able to find a charging station when they need it, even if they?re driving in an unfamiliar region?.?This is the current expectation around frequency of petrol stations, and it?s, rightly, what consumers will demand as EVs become more prevalent.?Behyad Jafari, the chief executive of the Electric Vehicle Council, said the state government had shown ?national leadership? with ?a signal to the market that Queensland is serious about electric vehicles?.This gave the industry ?certainty to unlock investment to grow our economy and create new, high skilled jobs?, he said.?I encourage all governments across Australia to follow suit, particularly as this support will help to provide motorists with increased choice of cars that are cheaper and healthier to operate.?Queensland is Australia?s biggest carbon polluter, with the transport sector making up the state?s second largest source of carbon emissions with 21.1m tonnes in 2014, having almost doubled since 1990.Passenger cars make up almost half of transport emissions, according to the state environment department.The $3m contract to build the network has been awarded to Brisbane technology company Tritium, which began as a solar car racing parts manufacturer.\r\nA support of 122 MLAs is needed to form the government in the 243-seat Bihar Assembly. Nitish Kumar, who will face the floor test on Friday, has the backing of JD(U)'s 71 MLAs, BJP's 53 MLAs, and other NDA partners' 5 MLAs. Apart from that, two independent MLAs have extended support to the new alliance, taking the total to 131.\r\nWithin 18 hours of resigning as Bihar chief minister, Nitish Kumar took oath on Thursday as the head of the government for the sixth time with the BJP?s Sushil Kumar Modi as his deputy.He will seek a trust vote on Friday after re-forging a partnership with the BJP, four years after he walked out of the NDA.His surprise resignation sank the three-party ?grand alliance? of his Janata Dal (United), Lalu Prasad?s Rashtriya Janata Dal and Congress that defeated the BJP in the 2015 state elections.Kumar?s switch upset several leaders of the JD(U) as well, including parliamentarians and local unit heads. Sharad Yadav, who led the party before Kumar, is also said to be displeased with the chief minister?s ?unilateral decisions?. RJD chief Prasad accused Kumar of cheating the people of Bihar and said in Ranchi he could challenge in the Supreme Court the governor?s action of disallowing his party, the single largest with 80 legislators, to stake claim to form a new government.Numbers seems to favour Kumar. The JD(U) has 71 MLAs, the BJP 53, other NDA partners five. Besides, two of the four independents have backed the NDA, making a bloc of 131, which is nine more than the majority mark in the 243-member assembly.The RJD-led grouping has 107 members, including the Congress?s 27. Two independents and three CPI-ML members are unattached.Law experts believe a legal fight against Kumar may fall flat as the Goa and Manipur instances proved this year. The Congress won more seats in both states in the 2017 state elections, but the BJP tied together bigger combinations. The top court dismissed the Congress?s challenge.They said Bihar governor KN Tripathi?s action was not illegal.?After a crisis the concept of who has the larger and a stable combination comes. So the governor has the discretion to call a combination or party who will enjoy majority on the floor of the House,? senior advocate Rajeev Dhawan said.Governor Tripathi, who was admitted to hospital on Wednesday when the political drama played out in Patna, returned to Raj Bhavan and administered the oath to Kumar at 10am.The cabinet would be expanded after Friday?s vote, sources said.Sources said the JD(U) could get a ministerial position in the Narendra Modi government during a reshuffle planned after Parliament?s monsoon session. The move would make the ?alliance? complete at the Centre and the state, and check rumblings within the party. JD(U) leaders, including Rajya Sabha members Ali Anwar and Veerendra Kumar, attempted to persuade Sharad Yadav on Thursday to take the lead to oppose Kumar for allegedly not taking the party into confidence.Veerendra Kumar said: ?He (Sharad Yadav) told me there is no question of accepting the current stand of Nitish Kumar.?Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi also criticised Kumar for dumping the grand alliance and joining the BJP.?The mandate was against the communal stand of the BJP but Nitish has chosen to embrace them. We were aware of what was going on for three-four months. This is the problem with Indian politics. For the sake of power and personal gains, they compromise with anything.?BSP chief Mayawati accused Kumar of betraying the people of Bihar. ?Democracy will be weakened. This is another example of hunger for power.?For his part, Kumar thanked Prime Minister Modi for his congratulatory message after being sworn-in. He said his administration would not compromise on corruption and was hopeful that Bihar?s development agenda would gather momentum with the Centre?s support.Kumar?s decision to quit came hours after the RJD chief ruled out the resignation of his son and deputy chief minister Tejashwi, who is facing an investigation over an alleged land-for-hotels scandal.Speaker Vijay Kumar Choudhary told reporters that in view of the trust vote, a day-long special sitting of the assembly has been convened on Friday.The BJP sent party secretary Anil Jain and health minister JP Nadda to the swearing-in.Nadda said: ?Kumar?s step is courageous and will send a positive message against corruption ... We will contribute to the state?s development with him.?The Kumar-Modi reunion makes the BJP-led NDA?s bid to retain power in the 2019 general election stronger. The BJP and its allies rule 12 states that send 20 or more MPs to the Lok Sabha.The opposition?s attempts at forging a united front against the NDA took a hard hit after the exit of Kumar, identified with good governance and probity.?Who will be key faces in any such opposition front in 2019? Akhilesh Yadav, Mayawati, Mamata Banerjee, Lalu Prasad? None of them can corner us on the issue of corruption or good governance. Nitish was a different matter,? a BJP leader said.(with agency inputs)\r\nA Pakistani woman, Hijaab Asif, praised Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj after the latter directed the Indian High Commission in Pakistan to issue Asif a medical visa. "@SushmaSwaraj What do I call you? Superwoman? God? No words to describe your generosity!" she wrote in a tweet, adding that Pakistan would have changed if she were their Prime Minister.\r\nExternal Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Thursday directed the Indian High Commission in Islamabad to issue a visa to a Pakistani national for medical treatment in India. Swaraj's direction to India's High Commissioner in Pakistan Gautam Bambawale came after a woman -- Hijaab Asif -- sought the external affairs minister's urgent intervention. Touched by Swaraj's prompt response, Asif praised Swaraj and even said that Pakistan would have changed had she been the prime minister of her country. Minutes after Swaraj's tweet to Bambawale, the Indian mission tweeted that it was in touch with the applicant. "Ma'am, we are in touch with the applicant. Rest assured we will follow it up," the Indian High Commission said in a tweet. 'HE SAID IT'S ALL UP TO YOU' Responding to Asif's plea, Swaraj also wondered whether Pakistan Prime Minister's Foreign Affairs Advisor Satraj Aziz had refused to issue a recommendation letter for the issuance of a visa by India to the patent. The External Affairs minister had a few weeks back said that Pakistani nationals seeking visas for medical treatment in India must accompany their visa applications with a recommendation letter by Aziz. "Dear maam, spoke to DHC (Deputy High Commissioner) in Islamabad, told the patients current condition and he said it's all up to you. If you allow," Asif had tweeted earlier. The patient is suffering from serious liver ailment and needs urgent treatment in India, she said. 'CANNOT STOP PRAISING YOU'After Swaraj's direction to grant a visa to the patient, Asif was effusive in her praise of the external affairs minister. "@SushmaSwaraj What do I call you? Superwoman? God? No words to describe your generosity! Love you maam. Cannot stop praising you in tears!!!," she said. In another tweet, she said "my heart belongs and beats for you", adding that "Pakistan doesn't deserve her at all". "Lots and Lots of Love and respect from here. Wish you were our prime minister. this country would have changed," she said.ALSO READ 39 missing Indians in Iraq: Sushma Swaraj's Lok Sabha statement rekindles hope of familiesWon't declare anybody dead without evidence: Sushma Swaraj on 39 Indians missing in Iraq\r\nUS magazine Rolling Stone featured Canadian PM Justin Trudeau on the cover of its latest issue and questioned, "Why can't he be our President?" The magazine also published a 6,500-word article highlighting the difference between Trudeau's liberal views on health care, marijuana legalisation, and environment policies and those of Trump. Notably, only American-born US citizens can become President.\r\nRolling Stone magazine has put liberal Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on the cover of its latest issue and asks: ?Why Can?t He Be Our President??Perhaps recognising that only American-born US citizens can become president, the magazine takes a different tack on its website. There, its headline for the article posted Wednesday is: ?Justin Trudeau: Is the Canadian Prime Minister the Free World?s Best Hope??Trudeau is pictured with his shirt sleeves rolled up and perched on the edge of a desk.Justin Trudeau appears on our cover. Is Canada's prime minister the free world's best hope? https://t.co/yLLLr6sGGI pic.twitter.com/gZ4awM1HCm? Rolling Stone (@RollingStone) July 26, 2017In the profile, writer Stephen Rodrick outlines stark contrasts between Trudeau?s liberal views on health care, marijuana legalization and environmental policies and those voiced by US President Donald Trump.Trudeau is quoted as saying he disagrees with Trump ?on a whole bunch? of issues, but he also stresses that the two leaders have ?a constructive working relationship.?Trudeau says that seeking to insult Trump ?or overreact or jump at everything he says? on matters where they differ would not result in a constructive relationship.\r\nThe UK will send its two new aircraft carriers on "freedom of navigation" operations in disputed South China Sea waters, amid increasing tensions between China and UK's ally the US, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said. China claims it enjoys exclusive control over a massive portion of the energy-rich South China Sea while the US considers it international waters.\r\nBoris Johnson has committed the UK?s two brand new aircraft carriers to freedom of navigation exercises in the fiercely contested waters of the South China Sea.In a pointed declaration aimed squarely at China, whose island-building and militarisation in the sea has unnerved western powers, the British foreign secretary said that when the ships came into service they would be sent to the Asia-Pacific region as one of their first assignments.?One of the first things we will do with the two new colossal aircraft carriers that we have just built is send them on a freedom of navigation operation to this area,? Johnson said in Sydney on Thursday, ?to vindicate our belief in the rules-based international system and in the freedom of navigation through those waterways which are absolutely vital for world trade.?He later reiterated the point in a speech ? only to confuse listeners by adding in a Q&A: ?We haven?t yet quite decided to do that ? but they are coming.?The South China Sea is one of the busiest commercial sea routes in the world, carrying $5tn worth of trade a year. China claims it enjoys exclusive control over a massive portion of the sea ? within the so-called nine-dash line ? based on ancient rights marked in 600-year-old mariners? books.In dispute with four neighbouring countries, China has claimed sovereignty over islands in international waters in the sea, and built up sandbars and atolls into usable land. Several key islands have been populated and militarised with airfields, weapons systems and ports.Last year the permanent court of arbitration in The Hague ruled there was no legal basis for China?s historic claim, a decision China has furiously rejected.Sending Britain?s newest and most expensive ships to the region to carry out manoeuvres similar to those conducted by the US navy could be seen by Beijing as provocative.At 280 metres and 65,000 tonnes, the UK?s newest aircraft carrier, HMS Queen Elizabeth, is the largest ship ever built for the Royal Navy. It is undergoing its maiden sea trials off the coast of Scotland and is expected to be accepted by the navy towards the end of the year.The second ship in the class, HMS Prince of Wales, is being fitted out in the Rosyth dock and will be officially named in September.Speaking in Sydney after discussions with his Australian counterpart, Julie Bishop, Johnson said the UK and Australia had reaffirmed ?our shared dedication to the rules-based international system that has been the guarantor of stability and, of course, also of prosperity for the last 70 years.?He added: ?In a volatile and unpredictable world it is more important than ever to nurture the friendships that we know best and that matter to us the most and with people we trust the most.?Bishop said the ministers had discussed the South China Sea as one of the pressing ?challenges? of the Asia-Pacific region. ?We had a long discussion about the Pacific and the opportunities for deeper British engagement in our part of the world ? we also see the United Kingdom as being a natural partner with us in the development and security of the Pacific,? she said.In a speech in Sydney later in front of hundreds of politicians and businesspeople, Johnson reiterated the pledge to send the carriers.?If you look at those vessels ? you will see that they are not only longer than the entire Palace of Westminster but, I think you will agree, they are more persuasive than most of the arguments deployed in the House of Commons,? he said.?And we pledge to do this [send the carriers] not because we have enemies in the region ? but because we believe in upholding the rule of law.?However, within minutes of the speech he appeared to sow some confusion over his promise. In a question-and-answer session he said: ?We haven?t yet quite decided to do that. OK?? He went on: ?I don?t want you to to go out and start scanning the horizons. But they are coming, they are coming. Don?t expect them tomorrow.?The dialogue between the UK?s foreign and defence secretaries and Australia?s foreign and defence ministers ? awkwardly appellated Aukmin ? focused heavily on matters of security, intelligence and counter-terrorism.Australia and the UK will strengthen arrangements to share classified information on defence, security and counter-terrorism operations and look to conduct cooperative military activities in the Asia-Pacific region.The two countries will also discuss ? based on the UK?s Operation Tempera and legislation proposed this month in Australia ? the deployment of soldiers in domestic counter-terrorism operations.The two countries will co-chair an international workshop on human trafficking and modern slavery, to be held at Australia House in London, in preparation for UN consultations on a global migration compact.The ministerial dialogue also discussed trade, particularly the beginnings of a free trade agreement between Australia and the UK, to be struck after the UK engineers its exit from the European Union. Australia will sign a free trade agreement first with Europe, then with the UK.Johnson said he expected, in negotiating a UK-Australia free trade deal, significant pressure to agree to a relaxing of visa conditions for Australians travelling to and working in the UK.?I certainly support an open and generous regime in favour of our Australian friends being able to come, and our European friends, why not? Provided we control it,? he said.Asked whether Australian wine might become cheaper in the UK as a result of a free trade deal, Johnson said it was a ?cruel deprivation of the Australian people? that a tariff was imposed on Scotch whisky by Australia.He said Australian wine was ?delicious? and there were no tariffs on the importation of Bundaberg rum into the UK.? This article was amended on 31 July 2017. An earlier version referred to the HMS Queen Elizabeth, and the HMS Prince of Wales. This has been corrected because Her Majesty?s Ship does not need the definite article.\r\nUS President Donald Trump has donated his second quarter salary of $100,000 (?64 lakh) to the country's education department to help American students get access to high-quality education. The donation will be used for hosting science, technology, engineering, and mathematics camps for students. Trump had donated his first quarter salary for the restoration of projects at a national battlefield. \r\nBy Lalit K Jha Washington, Jul 27 (PTI) President Donald Trump has decided to donate his second quarter salary to the US education department to help American students get access to high quality education, the White House said Wednesday. "In this quarter, the president will be donating his salary to the Department of Education," White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters at her daily news conference yesterday. She presented a check of USD 100,000 to the Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. Trumps salary in first quarter was donated for restoration of two projects at a national battlefield. Other donors donors quickly stepped up to bring the total donation over USD 260,000 to the education department. DeVos said Trump is committed to nations students and to reforming education in America so that every child, no matter their ZIP code, has access to a high-quality education. "He and I have had many conversations about how best to put students needs first, and ensure we are setting them up for a lifetime of success. Theres much work to be done, but we are certainly on the right track, thanks to the presidents leadership," she said. "Just yesterday, Ivanka Trump and I hosted a summer reading event at the Smithsonians National Museum of American History, where the focus was on getting young girls, age six to ten, excited about learning science, technology, engineering, and maths. "It was fun to see their eyes light up as they got to explore, create, and experiment in a collaborative environment," DeVos said. She said the department has decided to use Trumps second-quarter salary to host a STEM-focused camp for students at the Department of Education. \r\nThere are as many as 72 countries and territories worldwide which criminalise same-sex relationships, according to a report by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association. Homosexuality can result in a death penalty in eight countries, including Iran and Saudi Arabia, while in dozen other countries homosexual acts are punishable by a prison sentence, the report added.\r\nFifty years after homosexuality was decriminalised in England and Wales, 72 other countries and territories worldwide continue to criminalise same-sex relationships, including 45 in which sexual relationships between women are outlawed.There are eight countries in which homosexuality can result in a death penalty, and dozens more in which homosexual acts can result in a prison sentence, according to an annual report by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association (ILGA).Southern and east Africa, the Middle East and south Asia persist with the most draconian approaches. Western Europe and the western hemisphere are the most tolerant.But Britain was by no means a frontrunner when it moved 50 years ago to partly decriminalise homosexuality. Some 20 other countries had already led the way, including France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Brazil and Argentina, all of whom had legalised it well before 1900.In Iran, Sudan, Saudi Arabia and Yemen, homosexuality is still punishable by death, under sharia law. The same applies in parts of Somalia and northern Nigeria. In two other countries ? Syria and Iraq ? the death penalty is carried out by non-state actors, including Islamic State.The report notes that, although the potential exists for a death penalty to be handed down under sharia courts in at least five other countries ? Pakistan, Afghanistan, the UAE, Qatar and Mauritania ? there is no evidence suggesting that it has been implemented for consensual same-sex acts between adults in private.Same-sex relations ? which are variously criminalised under laws covering sodomy, buggery and ?acts against nature? among others ? could lead to a prison sentence in 71 states in all.However, this number excludes Egypt, where same-sex relations are technically legal but are vigorously pursued and where hundreds of people are reported to be detained on morality grounds.Altogether, more than 120 countries have decriminalised homosexuality. But some still cannot be described as liberal. Russia, for example, has recently introduced laws banning the promotion of homosexuality. Russia was recently rebuked by the European court of human rights for a 2013 law banning the spread of ?propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations? among minors.A co-author of the ILGA report, Aengus Carroll, said it remained the case that there was ?no country in the world where LGBT people are safe from discrimination, stigmatisation or violence?.?Legislative change is slow enough in coming, but societal attitudes, particularly those that may evoke taboo, are painstakingly slow,? he said. However, he pointed to some positive developments, in countries including Botswana, Kenya, Zimbabwe and Tunisia, where advocates have recently won court cases affirming the right to form organisations to lobby for rights.There have also been ?amazing strides? on sexual orientation and gender identity issues around the world.A parliamentary vote in Germany will lead to the legalisation of same-sex marriage later this year; marriage equality in Malta will bring to 24 the number of states allowing gay marriage. A similar number of states offer civil partnership recognition.At the time of publication of the ILGA report, there were 26 countries that allowed for joint adoption for same-sex couples and 27 in which same-sex second parent adoption ? where a same-sex parent can legally become a step-parent to his or her partner?s child ? was in place.A spokesman for the LGBT charity Stonewall said that, while it was important to remember how far the UK had come on LGBT rights since the 1967 Sexual Offences Act, many challenges remained.?Same-sex relations are illegal in 72 countries, and punishable by death in eight. We all have a part to play in ensuring all LGBT people are accepted without exception and all we can hope is that, in 50 more years, we will have lots more progress to look back on,? said Matt Horwood. ?Trans people still face a number of legal barriers and LGBT people as a whole continue to face discrimination in their daily lives. LGBT people can find themselves excluded, or face verbal and physical abuse, whether at work, at school, in sport, in faith or within local communities.?\r\nActress Richa Chadha said that as a nation, India wants 4G and 5G, but doesn't want women to have the same rights as men. Richa added, "We don't want all communities and castes to have same rights as others." She further said that if she had been living anywhere else other than India, she would have been more open. \r\nRicha Chadha prefers to be tight-lipped about anything related to her love life, and she holds the society responsible for her stance. Asked about her relationship status, she said, ?The way it goes, even if I was (seeing someone)  I wouldn?t be able to tell you.?The Masaan actor feels that people in India are too judgmental about everything, especially with regard to women.  This prevents her from disclosing more details on her personal life.    Despite delays, some sunshine. @vickykaushal09 #traveldiaries #amcominghome #twoyearsofMasaan A post shared by Richa Chadha (@therichachadha) on Jul 24, 2017 at 1:30pm PDT ?I am sure that if I were somewhere else [other than India], I would probably be a lot more open. So, for the practical purpose of leading my life peacefully, I don?t say anything about my personal life because it is a waste of time,? says Richa.The actor  says that this  prevalent inequality in today?s society, makes her uncomfortable. ?As a nation, we want 4G and 5G, but we don?t want women to have the same rights as men and we don?t want all communities and castes to have same rights as others,? says Richa.The actor, who is currently seen in a web series, has garnered applause for her work at international film festivals. However, back home, she agrees that small films never get enough attention. ?We have a lot of systematic problems which kill small films. Like films don?t get the number of shows they should. They already have very limited number of slots. So, if you are playing Masaan once at  9pm in the night and another show at 11am, they will not pull the crowds in normal days because people are working. In small cities, the problem is that there are no screens at all, because single screen were shut down,? she says.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Maharashtra government will initiate a probe into the delay in declaration of results of the examinations conducted by the Mumbai University (MU), state education minister Vinod Tawde said on Wednesday. The minister also added that around 70% of the total papers have been checked and the remaining 30% will be completed by July 31. \r\nThe Maharashtra government will initiate a probe into the delay in declaration of results of the examinations conducted by the Mumbai University (MU), state education minister Vinod Tawde said on Wednesday.The ruling BJP?s ally Shiv Sena had on Monday sought the resignation of Tawde and Mumbai University vice chancellor Sanjay Deshmukh over the ?mess? in the university?s online assessment process, leading to delay in declaration of results.?It is obvious that we will inquire into the delay in the result process when a large number of students have been affected,? Tawde said in the state Legislative Council.He was responding to the demand by Shiv Sena members Anil Parab and Neelam Gorhe that the vice chancellor resign for delay in the checking of examination papers.Tawde said the government will inform Governor C Vidyasagar Rao, who is the chancellor of all universities in the state, about the views expressed by members of the House.?The correct way of taking action would be through the governor. Thus, we will inform the governor the views expressed by members of the Upper House,? the minister said.He also said that 5.29 lakh papers from arts, commerce, law and management faculties are yet to be checked.?As of now, about 70% of the total papers have been checked and the remaining 30% will be completed by July 31, the deadline set by the governor. The government is hiring more professors to complete the task within the time frame,? Tawde said.On Gorhe?s demand to waive off Rs 600 fees charged for re-assessment of papers after the results are out, he said it has not yet been decided.?We have also received a memorandum from Yuva Sena (Shiv Sena?s youth wing) and Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (BJP?s youth wing) in this regard,? Tawde said.\r\nRescue operations at the collapsed four-storey building in Mumbai's Ghatkopar ended on Wednesday after 30 hours, with the death toll rising to 17. Reportedly, 90 fire brigade personnel, 300 rescue workers, and 50 NDRF men participated in the rescue operations. A Shiv Sena leader who owned the building's ground floor was booked over renovations that weakened the building structure. \r\nThirty hours and endless moments of hope and despair later, rescue operations at Ghatkopar?s Siddhi Sai housing society ended on Wednesday. The toll rose to 17, 14 were injured and were being treated at hopsitals and 139 truckloads of debris was cleared from the site that was once home to at least 12 families. Rescue workers said they ended operations at 5.30pm on Wednesday after all residents were accounted for. But the hours before that were harrowing for the 90 fire brigade personnel, 300 rescue workers, 50 NDRF men and their sniffer dogs, who combed through the rubble of the five-storey structure looking for people. At 10.45am on Tuesday, the building caved in with women, senior citizens and infants. The dead included two infants ? a three-month-old and 1-year-old ? and four senior citizens. The rescue ops began around 11.23am. The fire brigade called it a level 4 emergency and deployed 14 fire engines, two rescue vans and ambulances to the spot. As rescue operations continued, the scale of the tragedy came to light ? by 3pm, 12 people were removed from the debris, four of whom were declared dead; 12 hours after the building collapsed, the toll had risen to 12. As people were found, they were rushed to the nearby Shantiniketan hospital or the Rajawadi hospital. But the survivors and families of those still missing held on to hope, as neighbours and residents of the nearby societies helped search for people, served tea and biscuits and comforted the families. For one family, the prayers paid off. After 16 hours of being trapped under the rubble, the fire brigade pulled out Rajesh Doshi, a 57-year-old businessman. Doshi luckily had his phone with him when the building came crashing down and he used it to help the rescuers find him.READ:??Sena man arrested for Ghatkopar building collapse named in 6 illegal construction cases in Mumbai?The rescue operations continued through the night, and by 7.30am, 17 people were declared dead. By 5.30pm on Wednesday, rescue operations ended. So far, seven of the injured have been discharged from the Rajawadi and Shantiniketan hospitals. People worked round-the-clock not just on the site. Doctors at Rajawadi?s post mortem centre worked overnight to complete forensic analysis of the 17 bodies and send them back to the families within hours. Dr Shivaji Kachre from the Nagpada Police Hospital that heads the five post mortem centres, said they sent four doctors and additional staff to the centre. ?We completed all documentation and handed over the bodies to avoid further inconvenience to the families,? Dr Kachare said.After residents pointed out that renovation on the ground floor of the building could have weakened it, the police on Tuesday filed an FIR naming Shiv Sena leader Sunil Shitap, who owned three flats on the ground floor. He has been arrested. On Wednesday, CM Devendra Fadnavis told the Maharashtra assembly that prima facie, it looked like the renovation work was responsible for the collapse and announced that a senior IAS officer will head the committee formed by the Brihanmumbai Muncipal Corporation (BMC) to probe the incident.\r\nA 13-year-old boy from Mumbai, who was allegedly gangraped earlier this month, died of multiple organ failure on Tuesday after consuming rat poison on July 12. The boy was assaulted along with his 10-year-old friend, who also consumed poison with him but died earlier. Currently, the police have questioned all his friends and are trying to identify the accused.\r\nThe father of a 13-year-old boy, who consumed rat poison on July 13 owing to repeated sexual assaults, has recorded the child?s description of the accused in a one-minute video. While the video is unclear and does not give many details, the police said the boy told them the name of the accused starts with a ?Z?.According to the police, the 13-year-old and his 10-year-old best friend and neighbour were raped repeatedly in Filterpada in Powai on July 6. Feeling humiliated, the kids drank rat poison. While the 10-year-old died on July 13, the 13-year-old died on Tuesday morning.?My son told me the accused took them to separate rooms in Filterpada. For days after the incident, he looked scared. On July 12, he told me they had consumed rat poison near a temple. I rushed him to a hospital. His friend died early next day,? the father told HT.The distraught man asked his son about the culprits and recorded it. The video which shows the boy struggling to give clear answers to his father?s queries has been handed over to the police. Read: Unsafe Mumbai: After sexual abuse, children fear trauma of facing police, family, societyThe video, the police said, shows the boy saying he was trying to run away, but someone is chasing him. He says the accused?s eyes were scary, said police. A Powai police official told HT they couldn?t record the boy?s statement due to his deteriorating condition. The police have questioned all his friends and are trying to identify the accused. They are also questioning several people from Filterpada. The father said the 13-year-old stopped going to tuition classes since July 6. He claimed the tuition class homework done on the last day may have been done by someone else as the handwriting is different.  The police are checking whose handwriting it is, as the person might have some information about the incident.The body of the 10-year-old, who was buried thinking he died of dehydration, has been exhumed. ND Reddy, zonal DCP, told HT: ?We are trying to find the accused.? The local crime branch unit is running a parallel probe. Read: Child sexual abuse: Parents, stop saying ?don?t tell anyone?, ?you provoked it?, go to police in time\r\nThe Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) has directed power distribution companies in Delhi to either generate their own electricity through renewable sources or increase their purchase of green energy from generating companies. Reportedly, DERC will make it compulsory for the companies to buy 100% electricity being generated from the waste-to-energy (WTE) plants set up in the capital. \r\nPower distribution companies will now have to procure more green energy or electricity generated from renewable sources.The Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) has issued a new regulation according to which discoms will either have to generate their own electricity through renewable sources or increase their purchase of green energy from generating companies.The draft rules termed as the ?DERC (Renewable Purchase Obligation and Renewable Energy Certificate Framework Implementation) Regulations, 2017 will also make it compulsory for discoms to buy 100% electricity being generated from the waste-to-energy (WTE) plants set up in the Capital. Currently, Delhi has four WTE plants. ?The distribution licensees shall compulsorily procure 100% power produced from all the Waste-to-Energy plants in the State, in the ratio of their procurement of power from all sources including their own as approved by the Commission from time to time, which shall qualify towards compliance of Renewable Purchase Obligation (RPO) for the Distribution Licensee,? read the draft regulations for which comments from public are being sought. People can send their comments to the commission till August 15.?The annual target for RPO required to be met by the discoms shall be notified by the dommission in the tariff order that is likely to be announced in September,? a DERC official said. The DERC in October 2012 had notified regulations making RPO compulsory for all discoms in the city. RPOs make it mandatory for all discoms to purchase some percentage of electricity through renewable sources of energy. In 2016-17, the discoms had to get 9% of their total electricity from renewables and in 2015-16 it was 7.6%.However, since 2012, the power regulator had only been carrying it forward to the next financial year as discoms had repeatedly failed to meet the RPOs.As a result, by the year 2015, the defaulting amount has risen up to almost 15 per cent of the total electricity procured by the companies.After defaulting on RPOs for years and with the Aam Aadmi Party government notifying the Delhi Solar Policy, the city?s three discoms have now pulled up their socks. Tata Power procured 400 MW of solar power and Reliance Infra-backed BSES announced it would procure 700 MW ?green energy? for the city.BSES, which distributes power to 70 per cent of the areas in Delhi, has decided to procure both solar and non-solar power at under Rs5 per unit through the ?reverse auction? route to ensure an ?extremely competitive? rate to benefit consumers.\r\nTelangana prisons department, citing Norway's example, has proposed to accommodate prisoners from overcrowded prisons in India at a rent of ?10,000 a month per prisoner. An official said that they are looking to accommodate convicts facing jail time for non-serious crimes. They are looking to start the scheme next year after making space for around 2,000 renter-prisoners, the official added.\r\nStates with overcrowded prisons may contact India?s youngest state that plans to rent out next year its jail cells at Rs 10,000 a month for each prisoner.The offer is not for everyone. The jail-share scheme is restricted to convicts of ?non-grievous and non-serious? offences. Tenants cannot be undertrials and hardcore criminals.?Norway, where the crime rate has gone down considerably, started this practice of letting its prisons to neighbouring countries facing space shortage for prisoners. We want to adopt this,? director general of prisons VK Singh said on Thursday.Read more: Tales from former inmates: What life is like in a women?s jail in IndiaTelangana?s 50 jails can accommodate 6,848 prisoners. At present, there are 6,063 on the prison rolls. So, there?s lodging space for around 800 more.Singh said the scheme could begin next year after making space for at least 2,000 renter-prisoners.?We aren?t in a hurry. First we want to stabilise our prisoner strength.?Jails in bigger states are struggling with chronic overcrowding ? the result of a slow-moving justice system and years of failure to build new prisons by governments trying to rein in expenses.States such as Maharashtra, Karnataka, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh could be potential clients for Telangana, which was carved out of Andhra Pradesh in June 2014.?We plan to charge Rs 10,000 a prisoner a month for their boarding and lodging, security, mulakat (meeting visitors) and training in various job skills,? Singh said.Read more: Byculla jail riot: A reminder that jails in India are hellholesThe prisons department estimates earnings of roughly Rs 25 crore a year from the rental if the government clears the plan.?The money would contribute to making our jails self-reliant,? the prisons chief said.In Telangana and Andhra Pradesh jails, the average daily expenditure on a prisoner is Rs 120, which comes to Rs 43,800 a year. On food alone, the states spend Rs 80 a day on each prisoner every weekday and Rs 100 on Sundays and holidays, when a non-vegetarian fare is served.A number of reform-oriented programmes such as Maha Parivarthan, Vidya Danam and Unnati brought down the number of jailbirds or repeat-offenders in the past three years, Singh said.\r\nSon of Samajwadi Party MLA Abu Azmi, Farhan Azmi, has lodged an FIR against the Hindu Sena on Wednesday, claiming that he and his family received death threats from them. They reportedly threatened Farhan that he will suffer for having married actress Ayesha Takia and said, "Have you forgotten you have indulged in Love Jihad by marrying a Hindu girl?"\r\nHotelier Farhan Azmi approached the Mumbai police on Wednesday saying that he received death threats on the phone.Azmi is the son of Samajwadi Party (SP) MLA Abu Azmi. According to Azmi, the caller said he was from the Hindu Sena. He allegedly told Farhan his family would be targeted and killed. Azmi has submitted a written application to the Mumbai police commissioner requesting an investigation. Azmi in his application claimed that the caller told him that he would suffer as he had married a Hindu woman.Police officers confirmed that Farhan had given them an application and also submitted the phone recordings of the threatening calls. The police said that they would now investigate the case. ?This is a serious matter and should be investigated as we are living under threat,? said Farhan.\r\nUnion Minister Jitendra Singh on Wednesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of a new hostel in Jawaharlal Nehru University and announced that  75% seats in the hostel will be reserved for students from the northeast. The five-floor hostel, which has been pending for three years, will accommodate 400 students and is expected to be completed within twenty months.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 24 (PTI) A new hostel is going to come up on the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) campus here, where 75 per cent of the rooms will be allotted to the students from the north-east, Union minister Jitendra Singh said today. Laying the foundation stone for the construction of the Barak hostel, named after the Barak river in the north-east, he said it was expected to be operational after 20 months. To be built at an estimated cost of Rs 29 crore, 75 per cent of the rooms in the new hostel would be allotted to the students from the north-east, said Singh, the Union minister of state for development of north eastern region (DoNER). The hostel will have five floors, accommodating 400 students (both boys and girls). The construction of the hostel had been pending for almost three years. \r\nJawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) students must take an oath of protecting the shine of India's pride and nationality, BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi said on Thursday while supporting the JNU Vice-Chancellor's plan to install a battle tank inside the campus. She further stated that "anti-India" slogans had been raised inside the JNU campus and such activities cannot be allowed to continue. \r\nNew Delhi, Jul 27 (PTI) The students of JNU must take an oath of protecting the shine of Indias pride and nationality, a BJP MP said today while supporting a demand by the Vice Chancellor to install a battle tank inside the campus. Meenakshi Lekhi, raising the issue during zero hour in the Lok Sabha, also criticised attempts to create a "controversy" following the call by the Jawaharlal Nehru University vice chancellor Jagadesh Kumar to install the tank. She said "anti-India" slogans like India will be broken were raised inside the campus and such activities cannot be allowed to continue. "It is very unfortunate. A controversy is being created following the vice chancellors views. The JNU is run by tax- payers money. Anti-India slogans were raised inside the campus. It is an insult of those protecting the border," Lekhi said. The BJP MP from Delhi said the JNU students should take an oath that they will protect the countrys pride and nationality. Justifying the JNU vice chancellors demand, she said replica of aircraft were installed at various places including schools and students find them very interesting. "There was an aircraft in my sons school. It was encouraging for the students. There is nothing wrong in the VCs demand," she said. On July 16, while participating in an event at the JNU to celebrate the Kargil Vijay Divas, requested minister of state for external affairs V K Singh to install a tank inside the campus. The JNU VCs demand drew widespread criticism from a number of political parties as well as some students of the university. During the zero hour, YSR Congress MP Renuka Butta demanded intervention by the central government in probing the drug racket busted recently in Hyderabad. \r\nA 28-year-old Delhi man was allegedly stabbed four times by a group of youths after he got into an argument for brushing past their scooty earlier that day. The man was reportedly treated and later discharged. A case of attempt to murder has been registered and the police are looking for the accused. \r\nA Delhi policeman?s son was stabbed multiple times by a group of youths in a case of road rage that took place in south Delhi?s Lado Sarai on Sunday evening.Prince Tewatia, 28, received four wounds, including in his back and thigh, and was admitted to AIIMS trauma centre. He was, however, treated and later discharged on Monday afternoon.A resident of south Delhi?s Saidul Ajab area, Tewatia works at a call centre in Gurgaon. He was returning home on his Bullet motorcycle with his friend Paras when the incident took place.Chinmoy Biswal, Additional DCP (south), said Tewatia?s motorcycle brushed past a scooty in Lado Sarai. The scooty rider was with three other friends who were riding another scooty.An argument ensued between two groups,  which soon turned into a scuffle. However, locals intervened and  separated the two groups and sent them away.Tewatia dropped his friend at his residence in Lado Sarai and was returning home when he decided to smoke a cigarette outside a kiosk, not far from the spot of scuffle.It was at that moment that four youths approached him and attacked him with a knife. According to Biswal, the attack happened so swiftly that locals could not intervene.When the attackers fled, Tewatia was rushed to a hospital by the locals and one of them called the police.Biswal said the probe so far suggests that the attackers were the same men with whom Tewatia had got into a scuffle minutes earlier.A case of attempt to murder has been registered at Saket police station and a team formed to identify the suspects. CCTV footage from nearby areas are being scanned.\r\nIndian golfer Diksha Dagar won a silver medal in the women's individual golf event at the Deaflympics in Samsun, Turkey. The 16-year-old amateur golfer from Haryana lost to 25-year-old Kaylin Yost of USA in the final round. Diksha is the only Indian golfer (Under-18) to be ranked in the top 500 worldwide.\r\n\r\nThe Mumbai Police arrested four auto-rickshaw drivers for allegedly robbing several houses when they were empty. The accused are reportedly wanted in 12 other burglaries and were out on bail. "We had checked the CCTV footage from the areas where they had committed burglaries and could figure out their faces enough to make a sketch," a police official said. \r\nThe Vile Parle police recently arrested four people for allegedly carrying out several burglaries across Mumbai. The police added they have a prior criminal record and were out on bail. According to the Vile Parle police, the accused have been identified as Ayappa Shetty, 40, Dinesh Ramashankar Yadav, 26, Himanshu Dilip Somaiya, 34 and Sunil Baburao Shetty, 35.All of them are autorickshaw drivers and operated in Kandivali, Nalasopara, Malad and Virar. They were wanted in 12 other burglary cases, which were registered against them at various places in Mumbai.Senior police inspector, Laxman Chavan, of Vile Parle police station said, ?We have been on the lookout for the accused since the past four months and were working on information against them. We had checked the CCTV footage from the areas where they had committed burglaries and could figure out their faces enough to make a sketch. Their modus operandi was the same.?The burglars would keep an eye on house owners and figure out the timings when the owners wouldn?t be home. When their houses would be empty, the burglars would enter the house by breaking open the locks and flee with cash and gold ornaments. The accused used their autorickshaws to carry the booty and flee from the crime spot.A team led by police sub inspector Vikas Patil nabbed the accused from Kandivali on last Thursday after receiving a tip-off about their hide out. They were later taken to the Vile Parle police station.?There is a possibility that there are more members involved in the crime. We are investigating the case,? added Chavan.He also added that no recoveries have been made until now, but with the ongoing probe there is a high possibility of majority of the stolen items being recovered.The accused were kept in police custody till Monday and were produced before the Andheri magistrate court on Tuesday. They have been booked under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for burglary, criminal conspiracy.\r\nThe Mumbai Police has arrested a gang of five robbers accused of robbing 37 homes in Mumbai, Thane, and Gujarat. Police traced the robbers who stayed in Uttar Pradesh and arrested them in Meerut. The robbers would travel by car from Uttar Pradesh to Mumbai and stop on the way to break into houses. \r\n A woman from Chembur had gone to buy vegetables outside her building for a few minutes in April. When she returned she saw that her house was ransacked and her gold jewellery missing. Another woman in Shivaji Nagar went to her daughter?s school to pick her up and when she returned she found her house robbed.For the past one year, the Mumbai and Thane police were getting regular complaints of house break-ins within minutes by unknown thieves.After months of investigation and rounding up several history sheeters, the Tilak Nagar police found just one witness. He told the police that the robbers were dressed in jeans and t-shirts and had sunglasses. He said that the men got out of a Swift Desire and seemed to be guests at a house. However they left the building within 10 minutes, said the witness. ?We only knew that they drove a Swift Desire,? said inspector Santosh Kamble from Tilak Nagar police station.A team of three officers were then assigned to investigate the series of house break-ins. The officers, including PI Avinash Pore and PSI Amol Ambawane, found that the car that the robbers used had a number plate of a bullet bike from Meerut. The informers told the officers that this gang was from Meerut and travelled by car from Uttar Pradesh to Mumbai. The gang would stop on the way to Mumbai and break in to houses. ?The Meerut gang only chose two- or three-storey  houses for a quick escape,? said Shahaji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (zone VI). After finding out that the men had rented an apartment in Mumbra, the police team searched the house to find their clothes and other belongings. ?The five had rented an expensive apartment, saying that they were engineers and had to travel a lot. They did so to avoid staying at lodges and hotels,? added Umap. The team then left for UP on July 5 where they traced the five people who stayed in Meerut and Bulandshahr. After waiting for 12 days and following the five, the police officers arrested them when they gathered at Meerut on Monday to begin their journey to Mumbai. The five identified as Imran Qureshi, 24, Afsal Qureshi, 27, Shahid Shaikh, 35, Sameer Ali, 26, driver, and Irfan Alvi, 35, have allegedly carried out 12 robberies in Mumbai and 25 in Thane and Gujarat.?Although they were school drop outs they had made all arrangements to escape arrest. On searching their car, we found cavities underneath the gear box and steering wheel where they used to stash valuables so that they don?t get caught at nakabandis,? said Umap. The gang has been arrested for the first time. READ?121 crore stolen in 2016, Mumbai cops recovered just ?23 croreMan arrested for breaking into Railway cop?s house\r\nThe Mumbai Police on Wednesday received a complaint about loud music being played at Reliance chief Mukesh Ambani's residence Antilia. The complaint posted by a user tagging Mumbai Police's Twitter handle read, "@CPMumbaiPolice music blaring from antilla,ambani house,altamount road.gamdevi pol stn area." The police reached the site but found no loud music being played there. \r\nMumbai, Jul 26 (PTI) City police early today received a complaint about loud music being played at Antilia building, the residence of Reliance chief Mukesh Ambani, an official said. After receiving the complaint, when policeman went to the site, but found no loud music being played, the official added. \r\nThe Mumbai Police on Monday arrested a 24-year old courier boy who allegedly stole 150 mobile phones worth over ?13 lakh. The accused used to deliver mobile phones discarded by online websites like Amazon and Flipkart back to the wholesale shop. "The accused started stealing one or two phones at each delivery back to the wholesaler," according to police.\r\nThe MIDC police on Monday arrested a courier boy for stealing 150 mobile phones of various brands worth Rs.13,52,283.The accused, identified as Abdul Salam Abdul Momin Shaikh, 24, worked as a courier boy in Gati Courier Company located at Andheri (East) and used to deliver mobile phones discarded by online websites like Amazon and Flipkart back to the wholesale shop, Hardtrac Services. Hardtrac Services used to supply mobile phones to online websites like Amazon and Flipkart. The complainant, Vimal Maheshchandra Zaveri, 50, is the director of Hardtrac Services.According to sub-inspector Dhavan, ?Online websites like Amazon and Flipkart had a contract with the courier company through which they used to send back discarded mobile phones to the wholesale company Hardtrac services. The wholesale company then used to send all the mobile phones back to their original companies. The accused started stealing one or two phones at each delivery back to the wholesaler and realised that nobody noticed the missing mobile phones. By the time Hardtrac Services realised that several phones were missing, it was too late.??It was a huge negligence on the part of the wholesaler that they failed to keep a check on the discarded pieces. Abdul took advantage of this, and succeeded in stealing such a large number of mobile phones,? he added.?The accused fled the city as soon as he came to know that an FIR was registered against him. We tried tracing his mobile number, but to no avail. We then interrogated his family in Saki Naka, where he stays, and came to know that he had gone to his native place in Uttar Pradesh. We tried tracing him in Uttar Pradesh but we couldn?t get to him. After looking out for him for quite some days, we received a tip-off that he was back in the city at Saki Naka,? said a police official.A team led by senior police inspector Pasalwar, crime police inspector Devre, sub-inspectors Dhavan and Lokre nabbed Abdul from Saki Naka on Monday at around 5pm.?We suspect that there may be more people involved; we are investigating that angle too,? he said.Abdul has been booked under the sections of 120B and 379 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC)?and is in police custody till 29th July.\r\nThe Delhi government is reportedly planning a new system under which Registration Certificates (RC) of cars will be directly delivered at home via speed post. Until now, car owners had to visit the Motor Licensing Office or the car dealer's showroom to get it. This is aimed at eliminating corruption and making the process easier for vehicle owners, officials said. \r\nTired of doing the rounds of the dealer?s store or the licensing office to get your new car registered? You can just sit back and relax now as the registration certificate (RC) for your car will soon be delivered right at your doorstep.Starting next week, the Delhi government is going to put in place a new system in which RCs will be delivered at the vehicle owners? residence via speed post. At present, people have to visit either the dealers? showrooms or the Motor Licensing Offices (MLOs) to get the mandatory document that establishes the ownership of a vehicle and ensures that it is part of the count kept by the transport department of a state. With the new system in place, once the dealers or buyers deposit documents with the MLOs the registration certificates will be directly sent by post to car owners. The move assumes significance as over 10 lakh RCs are issued in the national Capital annually. Of this, nearly seven lakh are issued against new cars and 2.1 lakh are those under ?transfer of ownership? or on resale of used cars. Besides, approximately 55000 additional RCs issued under the ?duplicate? category for those who have lost the document.\\According to officials in the transport department the new system will not only make things easier for the vehicle owner, but is aimed at eliminating corruption as well. ?We were getting feedback that some licensing officers have been engaging in corrupt practices with the car or bike dealers. This system would remove the contact between the dealers and the licensing officers as all documents will collectively reach for dispatch and there shall be no preference given to anybody,? a transport official said.Vehicle owners will also get alerts through SMS about the status of their RC. Apart from this, the process of transfer of ownership of vehicles is also going to be simplified with the government planning to introduce an online portal for the same.Hindustan Times spoke to people to know if they liked the idea. Many of them said it would be much easier for them to receive the RC at home. However, some had doubts about how much time the delivery would take. ?What if the parcel gets lost in transit? Anyway, it takes several days now to get an RC. Introduction of the postal system might delay it further as it would take at least a week or 15 days to reach us,? said Kritika Manchanda, a resident of Panchsheel Park.\r\nMaharashtra government has announced plans to undertake an audit of helipads across the state, weeks after Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis's helicopter survived two near-accidents. Fadnavis said they plan to introduce a handbook on the standard operating procedure to provide security to VIPs. Fadnavis also said the state was in the process of acquiring helicopters on short-term leases.\r\nWeeks after chief minister Devendra Fadnavis survived two helicopter accidents, the Maharashtra government plans to undertake an audit of helipads across the state. The state also plans to introduce a handbook detailing a standard operating procedure to provide security to VIPs. The move comes after the issue was raised by Congress MLC Sharad Ranpise, who said he was concerned over the condition of landing sites in the state. ?Helicopters are being grounded near high-tension wires and transformers. This is risky,? he said.Fadnavis said a policy is in the process of being framed. Read: Watch: Maharashtra CM?s helicopter crash-lands, Devendra Fadnavis safe?Earlier, helipads were constructed on vast stretches of land. However, residential buildings have sprung up in such areas now. We will conduct an audit and not permit helicopters to land in unauthorised locations,? said Fadnavis. He added that an SOP handbook will be written by an inspector general, as officers of those ranks generally handle VIP security.Leader of the Opposition in the state council Dhananjay Munde also said a thorough inquiry was needed into the recent helicopter mishaps. Fadnavis said that Directorate General of Civil Aviation, a regulatory body, was looking into this.He also announced that the state was in the process of acquiring helicopters on short-term leases, for which a proposal was being prepared.Read: TV channels flash news of Maharashtra CM?s ?lucky chopper mishap escape?, CMO says it?s untrue\r\nFour men were arrested by Bengaluru Cyber Crime Police for allegedly running an online scam where they lured bank customers to invest and withdrew their money using their account details. Police reportedly seized 460 SIM cards along with laptops which had information on 16,000 bank accounts. The criminals reportedly stole small amounts of money to avoid suspicion.\r\nThe Cyber Crime Police in the city have unearthed a huge internet scam. They have arrested four engineering college dropouts for their involvement in the scam called 'Bottom fishing'.The cyber criminals have cheated several people not just in the state but across the nation as well. But the victims avoided approaching the police since the amount they lost was pretty low.The police have identified the victims as Kapil Dev Suman, his brother Sushil Kumar Suman, Sooraj Kumar and Biplav Kumar. They are all natives of Bokaro steel City. As of today, the police have recovered 460 SIM cards, 15 mobiles, laptops, hard disks, data cards and forged and original identity proof documents.The accused further more had a database consisting of details and credentials of more than 16,000 bank accounts. One of the accused also had some 600 domain names of various websites in his name. Some of the websites identified were www.munafaperday.com<http://www.munafaperday.com>, munafadaily.com<http://munafadaily.com>, paymaza.com<http://paymaza.com>, future trade.biz<http://trade.biz> and mudratrade.com<http://mudratrade.com>.On one such website, the accused had advertised that expensive goods will be available at cheap rates. Gullible customers would fall for these websites and enter their banking credentials which were later captured by the accused. This information was then used by the accused to transfer money from the victim's account to theirs.Police got to know about the scam when an individual Suresh Sakri, a local resident filed a complaint stating that two transactions of RS. 5,000 and Rs. 2,000 were illegally debited from his account. During investigations, the police found that the money was transferred to an SBI bank account at JP Nagar. This account was activated without following the standard KYC procedures.The said bank account was held in the name of Ajay Singh. When Kapil Dev Suman went to withdraw money, he was questioned. Verification revealed that the photograph on the account opening form of Ajay Singh was actually that of Kapil. Further investigations by the police led to the identification of over 28 bank accounts, one laptop, two mobile phones and four forged PAN cards.The police formed three teams to conduct the investigations. The probe team was headed by DySP MD Sharath, and the team included Krishnoji Rao, Shafiullah, Vinod Kumar and Muniratnam.ALSO READ:Oppn slams Maha govt for not providing cyber crime convictionCyber criminals go digital, lay bitcoin trap for investors\r\nChina has slammed Botswana over a visit by the Dalai Lama next month, warning Botswana not to "harm" China's core interests. The Dalai Lama is expected to address a human rights conference in Botswana and meet its President next month. China opposes countries keeping contact with or hosting the Tibetan leader and warned countries against interfering in its internal affairs.\r\nChina on Wednesday fumed over the Dalai Lama?s planned visit to Botswana, warning the African country not to ?harm? Beijing?s ?core interest?.Beijing opposes countries keeping contact or hosting the Tibetan spiritual leader, who it calls ?a wolf in sheep?s clothing? and accuses him of secessionist activities in Tibet.?China has stated its position clearly on the Dalai Lama?s visit to the relevant countries,? Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said. ?We require relevant countries to earnestly respect China?s core interests. China will not interfere in other countries internal affairs. We will not accept other countries to do things that will harm the core interests of China.?The Dalai Lama will attend a three-day human rights conference at Gaborone in Botswana from August 17.China is Africa?s largest trade partner. China?s state-run companies have the contract of building key infrastructure projects in Botswana.In 1959, after a failed uprising in Tibet, the Dalai Lama fled to India and has lived in self-imposed exile since then.China uses various tactics to settle scores if any country invites him.In the case of neighbouring Mongolia, it imposed a kind of economic blockade, crippling the economy of the poor country.Following his April visit to Arunachal Pradesh, which Beijing claims as its own, Beijing had retaliated by changing the name of six cities in the northeastern Indian state.\r\nA British teenage girl who allegedly married an Islamic State militant over Skype has been accused of plotting a terror attack in the UK, reports said. Indoctrinated by extremist ideology, the girl reportedly tried to get a gun and grenade. The teenager is accused of received instructions on how to use the weapons allegedly between December 2016 and April 2017.\r\nA teenage girl is alleged to have married an Islamic State fighter in Syria via Skype and became so indoctrinated that she tried to get a gun and grenade to stage a terrorist attack against Britain. The girl, who cannot be named because of her age, appeared at Westminster magistrates court on Wednesday charged with the alleged plot.She is believed to be from a Moroccan background and was aged 16 when she met the alleged Isis terrorist, who originally comes from Coventry, online. He is now believed to be dead, killed in a drone strike in April.The teenager, from London, is accused of receiving instructions on how to use the weapons and asking for help in carrying out the plot. The case is said to have involved explicit foreign direction, and the plotting is alleged to have happened between 1 December 2016 and 12 April 2017.The accused was aged just 16 when she ?married? the Isis fighter via Skype, in an online ceremony. There is considerable doubt that it would be considered valid under either Islamic or British laws. The man is understood to have used the internet and social media including Skype, an online voice and video communications programme.During Wednesday?s short court hearing, her lawyer, Vajahat Sharif, said that the girl would plead not guilty. In court, the teenager, wearing a Nike tracksuit and with her long black hair tied in a ponytail, spoke only to confirm her name and age.District judge Tan Ikram remanded her in custody to appear at the Old Bailey on 11 August. She will also appear there on the same date in relation to another terror offence for which she had previously been charged.In a statement the Metropolitan police said the teenager had been charged with having ?the intention of committing acts of terrorism engaged in conduct in preparation for giving effect the that intention?.The elements of the offence, the Met said, were: ?i. Communicating with a Daesh [Isis] fighter in Syria and arranging to receive weapons in order to conduct an attack in the UK; ii. Receiving instructions on how train and use weapons; iii. Reaching out to another to receive assistance in completing plan.?Last week, Met commissioner Cressida Dick said: ?Six attack planning plots were thwarted in the last four months alone, and we can expect that figure to rise.?Britain?s top police officer added: ?The bulk of this domestic threat seems to be from those who are inspired by overseas networks, though there have undoubtedly been some who have been more directly enabled by them also, and we should not assume that attempts by senior leaderships of overseas groups to direct more or less sophisticated UK attacks have gone away.?The terrorist threat level from Islamist inspired terrorism in Britain remains at severe, meaning that an attack is considered highly likely. Three such attacks have claimed lives in Britain since 22 March.\r\nIsraeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed to close the Jerusalem office of Al Jazeera, accusing the news network of inciting violence amid protests against the country's heightened security measures outside the al-Aqsa mosque. Netanyahu said he would "enact the required legislation to expel Al Jazeera from Israel" if law enforcement agencies failed to close it.\r\nIsraeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday said he would work to close the Jerusalem offices of al-Jazeera, accusing the Qatar-based television news network of inciting recent violence in the city.Jerusalem is experiencing one of its most tense periods in years as Palestinians protest against heightened Israeli security measures near the Temple Mount-Noble Sanctuary compound, one of the city?s holiest sites. The events have been widely reported, including by al-Jazeera.?The al-Jazeera network continues to stir violence around the Temple Mount,? Netanyahu wrote on his Facebook page in Hebrew. ?I have spoken several times to law-enforcement authorities demanding the closure of al-Jazeera?s offices in Jerusalem. If this does not happen because of legal interpretation, I will work to enact the required legislation to expel al-Jazeera from Israel,? the Israeli leader added.The Qatar-based network was not immediately available for comment. The spike in tensions and the deaths of three Israelis and four Palestinians in violence on Friday and Saturday raised international alarm.Al-Jazeera has also faced government censure in neighbouring Egypt when in 2014, the Arab state jailed three al-Jazeera employees for seven years and closed the network?s offices. Two have been released but a third remains imprisoned.\r\nActor Akshay Kumar has revealed that before he got the role in 'Toilet- Ek Prem Katha', the film was offered to many other actors who had rejected it. "Interestingly, this script was doing the rounds in the industry for over four years," he added. Akshay further said he asked co-producer Neeraj Pandey with folded hands to give him the role.\r\nBollywood actor Akshay Kumar has said his upcoming film, Toilet: Ek Prem Katha was offered to many other heroes, who rejected the movie, before it landed on his plate.Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis Maharashtra minister for Women and Child Development Pankaja Munde and actor Akshay Kumar during an international conference on women trafficking in Mumbai on Thursday.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(PTI)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tDirected by Shree Narayan Singh and co-produced by Akshay and Neeraj Pandey, the film stars Akshay and Bhumi Pednekar. ?The writers brought the subject to me. Interestingly, this script was doing the rounds in the industry for over four years. It went to a lot of heroes, a lot of people but nobody picked it up,? Akshay told reporters.?I liked it and I asked Neeraj Pandey with folded hands to give it to me. Earlier, the film was named Sandaas: Ek Prem Katha but later the title was changed.?Actor Akshay Kumar at the Kargil Vijay Diwas programme at Yashwantrao Chavan Pratishthan, Nariman Point in Mumbai on July 26.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe actor said the film is based on a true incident and is essentially a love story. ?This film is primarily a love story. The toilet construction just forms the backdrop. The film is about Keshav and Jaya. It is based on a true story.?When the film?s trailer came out, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had praised it and called the movie a commendable effort to promote cleanliness.When asked if he has any plans to hold a special screening for Modi, the actor said, ?I would love to.?The film is scheduled to release on August 11. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nReacting to an old picture of actress Priyanka Chopra in which she can be seen sporting a blonde wig, a user tweeted, "Seems #PriyankaChopra has caught the #GoTS7 fever too." Another user wrote, "When Priyanka Chopra tries to idolise @ladygaga." Meanwhile, another user tweeted, "When jon snow dies in India, the red woman we need .. #PriyankaChopra #gots7." nn\r\nEven as Priyanka Chopra continues to rule the world as a global star, fans and critics are not ready to spare her even for the oldest of things. A picture from an old photoshoot re-surfaced online and Twitteratti is going crazy over Priyanka Chopra?s look in the photo.     Yaaaasss ??@priyankachopra for @lofficielindia .@abhaysingh75 @brendondegee @hairbypriyanka #hairbypriyanka #hairstylist #hairstyle #tribute #instahair #hairdooftheday #hairdressermagic #hairgoals #fashionhair #hairofinstgram #hairideas #hairfashion #haircare #picoftheday #healthyhair #shinyhair#hairbyme#pantene #sessionstyling#priyankachopra #hairdiaries#hairhour#hairinspiration#wellaeducation#texture#bighairdontcare#indianhairstylist#mumbai#beauty#lifeofahairstylist A post shared by Priyanka Borkar (@hairbypriyanka) on Jul 24, 2017 at 9:50pm PDT The photo was reportedly taken in 2015 during the time she began promotions for her debut American TV show - Quantico.  It was a photoshoot for L?Officiel India.For the shoot, the actor sported a red knit dress with a cape styled detail on the neckline, with bold graphic liner on the eyes and a red lipstick. But what was most striking about her look was the blonde wig.From wannabe Lady Gaga to the comeback of Radhe Maa, online trolls have a range of things to compare PeeCee with: When Priyanka Chopra tries to idolise @ladygaga pic.twitter.com/WsfJUhYYhC? ????? (@nalayak_sanstha) July 26, 2017Beautiful transformation of Priyanka Chopra. pic.twitter.com/BYJhNLOvNU? Pakchikpak Raja Babu (@HaramiParindey) July 26, 2017Guys, the wait is over. Radhe Maa is back. pic.twitter.com/bfk60vMfSd? SAGAR (@sagarcasm) July 26, 2017When jon snow dies in india, the red woman we need .. #PriyankaChopra #gots7 pic.twitter.com/IpzcBJjRDy? Tony Stark (@mainteraahero) July 26, 2017Seems #PriyankaChopra has caught the #GoTS7 fever too pic.twitter.com/c8IID3JM5g? Shivani_Nani? (@vanisaxenaa) July 26, 2017Me: I'm not afraid of ghosts.#PriyankaChopra: Look at me. pic.twitter.com/nDwhfNLiRD? Karthik Keramalu (@KarthikKeramalu) July 26, 2017When you have saath khoon maaf and you are on killing spree... #PriyankaChopra pic.twitter.com/ZrMQxgoQTz? Tony Stark (@mainteraahero) July 26, 2017On the work front, she has two Hollywood projects in her kitty currently: A Kid Like Jake which also stars Jim Parsons, Claire Danes and Octavia Spencer and Isn?t It Romantic co-starring Rebel Wilson, Adam Devine and Liam Hemsworth. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nSinger Rimi Tomy has been questioned by the police in the Malayalam actress abduction case. Reports suggested that Rimi might have had some financial dealings with actor Dileep, who has been arrested in connection to the case. "It is painful to hear fake news... I have no problems with the actress who was assaulted," Rimi was quoted as saying.\r\nOver the last few months, the Malayalam industry has been witnessing a crime that has had several twists and turns. Earlier today, singer and television host Rimi Tomy was questioned in connection with the abduction and assault of a popular Malayalam actress. This comes after Dileep's wife and actress Kavya Madhavan was grilled by the police  on Wednesday. Reports suggest that Rimi might have had some financial dealings with actor Dileep. Pulsar Suni, the main accused in the case, wrote a letter to Dileep wherein he mentions 'Madam'. The Kerala police suspect Rimi Tomy's alleged involvement.According to a report in The News Minute, Rimi Tomy quashed the baseless reports and said she had no such dealings with Dileep. "I am not the 'madam' in this case. A police officer name Baiju Paulose called and enquired about some stage shows I'd done abroad. He said that police are aware that I have no connection with the case. It is painful to hear fake news about this on TV. Reporters, please clarify with me before putting out such news. I have no problems with the actor who was assaulted," she was quoted as saying.Earlier this month, actor Dileep was arrested on the charges of criminal conspiracy in the Malayalam actress case. His bail plea was recently rejected by the Kerala High Court.Dileep's judicial custody has been extended till August 8.ALSO READ: Malayalam actress abduction case | Kerala HC rejects Dileep's bail pleaALSO READ | Kerala actress abduction case: HC defers verdict on Dileep's bail pleaALSO READ: Kerala actress abduction case- Dileep's official website hacked?\r\nActor Shah Rukh Khan, while speaking about working in films with love stories, jokingly said that he loves making love and not seeing it. He added that he prefers watching comedy films. The actor further said that he watches romantic films only because of his daughter Suhana, as she loves romantic movies. \r\nShah Rukh Khan is not called the ?King of Romance? for nothing. The Jab Harry Met Sejal actor, who just has to give that melting look to make women go weak-kneed, is witty as hell too. At the launch of film?s new song Hawayein, SRK?asked the permission of media before he shared a controversial thought. Then he said it anyway, ?Ek controversial baat bolun, I love making love and not seeing it.?The 51-year-old actor also shared that he loves to watch romantic movie just because of his daughter, Suhana. SRK has also spoken about Suhana and how she loves watching romantic films.The actor, who is playing the role of a tourist guide named Harry in ?Jab Harry met Sejal?, also believes that there is ?Harry? in everyone one of us.?There is lot of ?us? in different ways in Harry. There were many moments, when we used to talk and think that similar things have happened with us at different stages of our lives. Obviously when you play a character, the space is different, setting is different maybe you have been not there, but feelings are familiar,? noted Khan.Watch: Jab Harry Met Sejal?s song Hawayein starring Shah Rukh Khan and Anushka SharmaSejal, tere hi liye saari wafayein... #Hawayein #JHMSAug4 @AnushkaSharma @RedChilliesEnt @sonymusicindia https://t.co/uMUT8E6hLu? Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) July 26, 2017The movie revolves around Harry, a tourist guide who is perhaps unaware of what he is seeking and Sejal played by Anushka Sharma, a Gujarati girl who refuses to budge till she finds her lost ring. With this as the premise, the movie traces their journey across the world. Directed by Imtiaz Ali, this is SRK?s first collaboration with the director. Anushka and Shah Rukh have appeared together in a number of films including her debut, Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi.Helmed by Imtiaz Ali, the movie is all set to release on August 4. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nIndian women's cricket team all-rounder Deepti Sharma has said that Ravichandran Ashwin is her role-model and she wants to bowl the "carrom-ball with Ashwin-like accuracy". "I keep watching Ashwin's videos and try to learn from his variations," she added. Deepti Sharma picked up 12 wickets and scored 216 runs in the recently concluded Women's World Cup.\r\nDeepti Sharma, who has gained a huge following with her all-round exploits in ICC Women?s Cricket World Cup, said she has modelled her bowling on Ravichandran Ashwin and wants to master the carrom ball like her male counterpart.?I follow Ashwin a lot. He is my role model. I do have my own style of bowling the carrom ball but I want to bowl that with Ashwin-like accuracy,? the Agra-cricketer said.Deepti never dreamt of playing the game. It all just fell into place for her after she started as a nine-year-old.As fate would have it 10 years later, she played a vital role, both in the middler-order and with her off-spinners, in helping India reach their second ever World Cup final.She made 216 runs at 30.85 and ended up as the third highest leading wicket taker with 12 scalps.READ |?Sachin Tendulkar fans Poonam Raut, Deepti Sharma learnt of record from WhatsAppDeepti, the youngest of the seven siblings, says she focuses equally on bat and ball and wants to become a world- class all-rounder.?I want to focus on all-round skills. I batted in the middle-order during the tournament but I am comfortable batting at any number.?As far as my bowling is concerned, I decide whether to flight the ball or bowl flatter after anticipating the mindset of the batter,? she said.Deepti was gutted at not taking her team past the finishing line in the World Cup final, where India lost their last seven wickets for 28 runs.We thank @Vijaygoel Sir for the gracious gesture & kind words of encouragement! pic.twitter.com/n249APSwwg? Mithali Raj (@M_Raj03) July 27, 2017READ | Post Women?s Cricket World?Cup success, Mithali Raj says India must play more Tests?When I was batting, I thought only about finishing the game. Required run rate was not much and we should have easily chased it down.?As it turned out, it was not our day. How to handle pressure in crunch situations has been the most important lesson from this tournament.?Like her teammates, Deepti feels good to be recognised in the post World Cup euphoria.However, she has not yet thought about what she will do with Rs 50 lakh cash prize awarded to her by the BCCI.?As of now, I just want to go back to Agra and spend time with my family. I have been away from home for months now,? said the daughter of a retired Railways employee.READ?|?Harmanpreet Kaur developed ?6-hitting? skills while playing with menAfter their stellar showing, the calls for a Women?s IPL has also gained momentum. Deepti says the league will be great for the game.?I feel it should have started with the men?s IPL back in 2008. However, it is never too late. It will be really beneficial for Indian women?s cricket,? she added.\r\nA baby boy, who survived after being buried alive just 10 days after his birth, was put in a grave in Madhya Pradesh by his minor mother who conceived him after rape. The infant was found on July 3 by a tribal couple and the suspected rapist, also a minor, was arrested after the girl was traced in Maharashtra. \r\nA baby boy, who survived after being buried alive just 10 days after his birth, was put in the shallow grave in Madhya Pradesh?s Barwani by his minor mother who conceived him after rape, investigators said on Thursday.The suspected rapist, also a minor, was arrested after the girl was traced to a village in Maharashtra.The infant was found on July 3 by a tribal couple, who were alerted by his cries from a burial ground at Ghus village, about 64 kms from Barwani. The village is not far from the border with Maharashtra.The baby is admitted to a hospital and will be handed over to the district child welfare committee (CWC), officials said.Despite stringent rape laws, people in rural areas rarely report sexual assaults to police because of the stigma attached. Activists say people also blame the character of the victim, which puts more pressure on families to hide such incidents.Barwani superindent of police, Prashant Khare, said the girl?s family hurriedly married her off to a minor boy after discovering her pregnancy. She said she was raped about a year ago.But her husband, who came to know about the incident, also refused to accept the baby and told her to abandon it, the officer added.Khare said the ?painstaking investigation? took around 20 days.?It was a shock for us when we saw that the mother was a minor, her husband too was a minor as was the rapist,? he added.The girl hails from a village of Barwani and lives with with her husband in Sirpur, Maharashtra. Police said she came to her parents house on July 2 and buried the baby in neighbouring Ghus, about 10 km away.Besides the accused, police have also booked the mother on charges of abandoning the baby and exposing him to danger.?I didn?t want to kill my baby. I requested a lot but nobody supported me, so buried him in a shallow grave,? police quoted the girl as saying.The mother told police she wanted to become a teacher but was forced by her parents to leave her studies.The parents allegedly did not tell her husband that she was carrying a child, the police officer added.\r\nSinger Lata Mangeshkar has revealed that in early 1950s, playback singers were called 'ghost voices' because they were totally invisible to the public. She added, n"Even my name wasn't printed...it was the name of the character the heroine played that was printed on the record." Lata further said that she never thought of her nvoice being bigger than the film.\r\nNot enough respect. Not enough attention. Not enough credit. This is what several playback singers in present-day Bollywood feel is on their plate. However, Lata Mangeshkar, the ?Nightingale of India? and Bharat Ratna awardee, says that in her days as a young artiste ? this was when the term ?Bollywood?, a derivative of Hollywood, didn?t even exist ? she never saw the need or the opportunity for media attention.Read: Bollywood doesn?t give us due credit: Playback singers voice their discontent?When I began singing, I didn?t even know about the media, or how to get written about. Mujhe toh sirf gana tha (all I had to do was sing). After my father?s untimely death, I was the sole bread-winner of the family. I had no time to think of anything except how to look after my siblings. The only thing I could do was sing. So I sang. I?d leave early in the morning and commute by train(in Mumbai) from studio to studio, meeting music directors hoping to get work,? recalls Lata tai.All that changed in 1947, when the voice of Lata Mangeshkar exploded in India cinema, wiping away all other singing prototypes.The Nightingale recalls those heady days of initial success with sheer gratitude. ?I think in 1949, I sang around 100-120 songs. The majority of them, from films like Mehboob?s Andaz and Raj Kapoor?s Barsaat, were big hits. In 1949, I had 40-50 chartbusters, including Hawaa mein udta jaye, Jiya beqaraar hai (Barsaat); Aayega aanewala (Mahal); Lara lapaa (Ek Thi Ladki); Chup chup khade ho (Badi Bahen); and Sajan ki galiyan chhod chale (Lahore).?She recalls her relationship with female leads with much fondness: ?During those days, playback singers were called ?ghost voices?, because we really were like ghosts... totally invisible to the public. Even my name was not printed on the records; it was the name of the character that the heroine played that was printed on the record. For the song Ayega aanewala, for Mahal, the name on the record was ?Kamini?, which was [actor] Madhubala?s name in the film.?In the industry, however, Lata Mangeshkar was the name everyone wanted. Apparently, all the major heroines of those times, from Madhubala and Meena Kumari to Nutan and Hema Malini, insisted on only Lataji?s voice for their playback. Some of these actors, like Madhubala, even put this in their contract.Lataji says, ?What you have heard is true. But I never thought of my voice as being bigger than the film. I sang my songs keeping the heroine?s personality in mind. There was no desire to be heard beyond the screen. In fact, for many years, I desisted from doing live concerts.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Maharashtra government reiterated on Thursday that no rules were broken in releasing actor Sanjay Dutt in the 1993 blasts case. It said that although no norms were flouted in remitting Dutt's sentence, the court could order him to be "sent back to jail". However, the court said it had "no such intention", and only needed affirmation in the case.\r\nThe Maharashtra government told the Bombay High Court on Thursday that although it had not flouted any norms in remitting actor Sanjay Dutt?s sentence in the 1993 blasts case, yet, if the court disagreed, and detected a mistake, it could order for Dutt to be ?sent back to jail?.A bench of justices RM Savant and Sadhana Jadhav, however, said that the court had ?no such intention,? and that it only wished to affirm that the ?due process of law was followed,? in permitting Dutt to walk out of jail eight months before the completion of his five-year sentence.The bench also questioned the decision of  the state and prison authorities to grant frequent paroles and furloughs to Dutt while he was serving his sentence in Pune?s Yerwada jail.Read: Sanjay Dutt was out on parole half the time, why did govt still release him early: Bombay HCIt noted on one instance, just two months into his sentence, Dutt had been granted parole, and furlough ?concurrently? ?  a practice rarely followed for regular convicts.Advocate General Ashutosh Kumbhakoni, who appeared for the state government, however, said the prison authorities and the state government routinely granted parole to most convicts to ?encourage good conduct,? and to reward good behaviour.Kumbhakoni argued he had ?searched the origins of the word parole on Google? and affirmed the word indeed meant to offer a reward of sorts.He argued it was just in cases involving ?high-profile convicts, even a day?s delay or remission was made a big deal of?. The bench has directed the state to file a detailed affidavit within two weeks, explaining the reasons for granting the frequent paroles and furlough and remission to Dutt.Read:?Paroles, furloughs: How Sanjay Dutt walked in and out of jail in 5 yrs\r\nActor-filmmaker Dhanush, while discussing how he walked out of a television interview said, "It was silly of me, I am generally a calm person, but I did react in a way I shouldn't have." Dhanush explained that he didn't want to answer the question posed by the journalist on the Suchi leaks controversy, regarding private pictures of celebrities being leaked.\r\nDhanush recently walked out of the interview after the interviewer asked questions about his personal life. The video released by TV 9 Telugu was doing the rounds on the internet. According to a report in Deccan Chronicle, Dhanush feels it's silly of him to react that way.Talking about the incident, Dhanush was quoted as saying, "It was silly of me, I am generally a calm person, but I did react in a way I shouldn't have. My intention was clear. I didn't want to answer the question. But the strong reaction was unwarranted. Actually, I haven't slept for two weeks since I was busy with my upcoming film. Looking back, I am also surprised at the way I reacted. I should have simply asked the journalist to move on to the next question."The interviewer asked questions about the infamous Suchi leaks and used words like "allegations" and "videos".Before walking out, Dhanush said, "This is a really stupid interview."Meanwhile, Dhanush is presently in Malaysia to promote his upcoming action drama Velai Illa Pattadhaari 2, a sequel to the blockbuster Tamil film of the same name.Directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth, film also stars Kajol Devgn, Amala Paul, Samuthirakani and Vivek in important roles. VIP 2 has music by Sean Roldan and is expected to release in August.WATCH: Dhanush walks out of interview after question about personal life\r\nThe Supreme Court on Thursday rejected a petition seeking a stay on the release of Madhur Bhandarkar's directorial 'Indu Sarkar'. The court noted that the film is an artistic expression within the parameters of law. The petition was filed by Priya Singh Paul, who claimed to be the daughter of Sanjay Gandhi and was alleging that the movie is derogatory.\r\nThe Supreme Court on Thursday rejected a petition seeking a stay on release of director Madhur Bhandarkar?s next, Indu Sarkar. Dismissing the petition, a bench of justices including, Dipak Misra, Amitav Roy and AM Khanwilkar, said the movie is an artistic expression within the parameters of law.The movie, which releases on Friday, deals with the controversial subject of Emergency imposed in 1975 by former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. The petition filed by Priya Singh Paul, who cliams to be the daughter of Sanjay Gandhi, alleges the movie is ?full of concocted facts and is totally derogatory?.On July 24, the Bombay High Court had dismissed the petition saying no ?known descendant? of Sanjay Gandhi has objected to the movie.The Court said that the petitioner had not made out any case for the court to interfere and stay the release of the movie after the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) granted certificate to the film.Priya, in her petition, has claimed that Sanjay Gandhi was her biological father and the movie points fingers at him. Sanjay Gandhi?s widow, Maneka Gandhi, and their son, Varun, are BJP leaders and they have not commented on the issue. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActress Angelina Jolie revealed that she developed Bell's palsy last year, a type of facial paralysis resulting in facial nerve damage which caused one side of her face to droop. She added, "Sometimes women in families put themselves last...until it manifests...in their health." Angelina further said she feels more of a woman after taking charge of her life and health.nn\r\nIn a sprawling interview in the latest Vanity Fair, Angelina Jolie spoke about her life post split from husband Brad Pitt. But she also revealed that in the last year, she was diagnosed with hypertension and developed Bell?s Palsy when nerve damage caused one side of her face to droop.?Sometimes women in families put themselves last,? she said, ?until it manifests itself in their own health.?Previously, Jolie had undergone a double mastectomy in 2013, and in 2015, had her ovaries and fallopian tube removed, which sent her into menopause.According to WebMD, ?Bell?s palsy is a condition in which the muscles on one side of your face become weak or paralyzed. It affects only one side of the face at a time, causing it to droop or become stiff on that side. It?s caused by some kind of trauma to the seventh cranial nerve. This is also called the facial nerve. Bell?s palsy can happen to anyone. But it seems to occur more often in people who have diabetes or are recovering from viral infections.?Asked about still being considered a sex symbol, she said, ?I can?t tell if it?s menopause or if it?s just been the year I?ve had. I actually feel more of a woman because I feel like I?m being smart about my choices, and I?m putting my family first, and I?m in charge of my life and my health. I think that?s what makes a woman complete.?She has had a ?difficult? year, following her highly-publicised divorce from Brad Pitt, which was followed immediately by an equally public battle over the custody of their six children.Jolie abruptly filed for divorce in September 2016, following an altercation aboard a private jet.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi has made it mandatory for MPhil and PhD students to fill their dissertation submission forms in both Hindi and English. Students who didn't know Hindi complained as they couldn't submit their dissertation. The university said the step was taken so that there is no spelling error on the certificates given to students.\r\nA section of Jawaharlal Nehru University students have accused the administration of imposing Hindi on them after the university made it compulsory to fill the MPhil and PhD submission form in Hindi and English.Till last year, students could fill the form in either of the languages.?The students were going through their last hour of submission of M.Phil/Ph.D dissertation/thesis today. Students were severely harassed for filing an online tracking form which should contain title of the dissertation in Hindi,? said Satarupa Chakraborty, JNU students? union (JNUSU) general secretary.She said that on the verge of submission, those who neither speak Hindi nor have learnt to write Hindi, had to run from pillar to post to find someone who could write their dissertation title in Hindi. ?In a central university where students come from all across the country, how they can possibly write their names or dissertation titles in Hindi? And more importantly, why should they write these mandatorily in Hindi? Will our VC be able to write his name in Hindi or our PM in Tamil or Malayalam?,? she said. However, the university said the decision has been taken because since last year the students are being given bilingual certificates which contains their details in Hindi and English.?The certificates given to students after they complete their course now carries their details in Hindi and English. That is why we have asked them to fill their details in MPhil and PhD submission form in Hindi and English. This will ensure there are no spelling mistakes,? said JNU Registrar Pramod Kumar.Kumar said the university started giving bilingual certificates to students from 2016. ?If any student had any difficulty in writing the details in Hindi then they should come to us,? he said.Chakraborty said many students wrote their dissertation title in their local language script as a mark of protest.\r\nThe government told the Supreme Court that the Right to Life of millions of poor in the country is more important than the elite class' privacy concerns. It added that Aadhaar ensures that benefits of various schemes reach those who are entitled to it. Attorney General KK Venugopal also said that Aadhaar is "essential for saving people from animal existence".\r\nThe Aadhaar hearing in the Supreme Court is fast turning into a right to privacy raised by the "elite" class versus right to life for millions of poor in the country. Strongly backing the Aadhaar scheme, the Modi government on Wednesday submitted before the Supreme Court that the right to life of millions of poor in the country through food, shelter and welfare measures was far more important than privacy concerns raised by the elite class. Controversially, Attorney General K K Venugopal arguing for the Centre also stated that privacy claims required better priority in developed countries "not in a country like India where a vast majority of citizens don't have access to basic needs". He said right to privacy cannot be invoked to scrap the Aadhaar scheme. The government was categorical that after enrolling nearly 100 crore citizens spending an astronomical amount of Rs 6,300 crore there was no going back. 'AADHAAR ESSENTIAL FOR GOOD GOVERNANCE'The AG attempted to drive home the point that Aadhaar was essential for good governance, transparent implementation of government programmes and to ensure that benefits reach only those who qualify to get them and not ghost beneficiaries. "Through aadhaar, benefits of welfare schemes reaches only those who are entitled to it. Depriving large sections of people of food, shelter and welfare schemes is also depriving them of fundamental right to live. Biometric details for aadhaar is essential for saving prople from animal existence", Venugopal told a nine-judge bench which is deciding whether right to privacy should be declared a fundamental right. At one point, Justice D Y Chandrachud, who was part of the bench, interjected the AG saying privacy is not an elitist concern and it is equally applicable to the large masses. "For example, if state wants forced sterilisation on say slum dwellers for population control among that group, perhaps only privacy claim may stand in the way", said Justice Chandrachud."Privacy is ingrained in right to life and liberty...each one of them cannot be and need not be elevated as a fundamental right. It has to be on a case to case basis. Privacy is just one specie like right to have passport, right not to be handcuffed they are various specie of public liberty", argued Venugopal.He also reminded the bench that "world bank has said all countries must follow aadhaar- like model".'TRANSGRESSION OF INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS'The bench is hearing PILs filed by a retired Karnataka High Court judge K. Puttaswamy, and social activist Aruna Roy against making the cards mandatory for accessing government schemes and subsidies.They argued that the manner in which biometric information is extracted violates and transgresses individual rights of citizens including privacy.The PILs had said the manner in which biometric details are collected by private contractors and NGOs hired by UIDAI without any safeguard makes them prone to misuse. They claimed empirical research to show that the biometric identification denoted for UID, namely the iris scan and finger print identification, is faulty and is capable of being abused.\r\nA forest department report submitted to the High Court suggested that all the seven domesticated elephants of Delhi be shifted to a sanctuary outside the city. It observed that not only were the elephants kept in poor conditions, but it was also risky to house them in crowded localities. Most of the elephants don't have proper ownership certificates, report said.\r\nDelhi could soon lose all its seven elephants with the state forest department planning to shift them to a sanctuary outside the national capital. ?It would be wiser to shift them to safer confines with relatively larger natural environs away from human habitation,? said a report prepared by the forest department. The report has been submitted to the high court earlier this month.The city has seven domesticated elephants owned by four people. While six are kept at Sangam Vihar in Wazirabad, one is kept at a JJ cluster in Laxmi Nagar.The owners of the elephants have requested the forest officials not to separate them from the elephants as the animals would die without them. They have instead requested the forest department to give them a plot of land where they can move with the animals. ?We have asked the owners to respond within four weeks. If they don?t respond, we would shift the elephants to some area outside Delhi,? said AK Shukla, chief wildlife warden of Delhi In 2016, a committee comprising wildlife officials had recommended that all the elephants should be confiscated as their health was poor and the animals were kept in bad conditions. The owners, however, moved court challenging the committee?s report. In May 2017, a separate committee was formed on the orders of the court which inspected the elephants again. The report was submitted earlier this month. The five-member committee comprised officials of the forest department, the central zoo authority and the vet of the National Zoological Park in New Delhi. The committee, after inspecting the animals, found that not only the elephants were kept in poor conditions but it was also risky to keep the elephants in crowded localities. A number of cases have been earlier reported where domesticated elephants have gone on a rampage killing people. ?Housing elephants inside a crowded and congested colony is a high-risk affair. The risk was compounded as there were neither any secondary barriers to restrain the elephants in case they broke the chain with which they are tied, nor there were any tranquilising guns or medicines to restrict them,? the report said. The committee found that most of the animals were suffering from poor health which suggests that they were not properly fed and don?t undertake exercises such as long walks. They have cracked nails which suggest they have very poor foot care. ?Sometimes they are made to walk through a maze of traffic dust and exhaust fumes which they may find terrifying? the report states. The committee has also raised questions about their ownerships. The report states that most of the elephants have no proper ownership certificates. ?The elephants are like our family members. We would die without them. We have proper license to keep them. It is only because of some animal right activists and influential NGOs that we are being made victims. We will again approach the court if necessary,? said Yusuf Ali, whose family owns three elephants. \r\nActor Dhanush has said that he'll be co-producing Hollywood films very soon and is already discussing a few scripts and collaborations. Dhanush added, "The world is shrinking and everyone is majorly interested in Indian films now...they are hiring Indian stars." He further said that the Indian song-and-dance format is liked by many and is also being adapted in foreign films. \r\nDhanush is juggling with multiple hats and projects. Busy promoting his forthcoming release Velaiilla Pattadhari (VIP 2) across the length and breadth of the country, he has also wrapped up work on his maiden Hollywood film The Extraordinary Journey of the Fakir. Talking about the experience of venturing into a new industry and language, Dhanush told Mumbai Mirror: ?I just finished one English film and I believe a script should convince me to take off from one industry to another and do complete justice to it. It should have meaning. I wanted to wait for something like Kundan (his character in Raanjhanaa) and Shamitabh.?The Extraordinary Journey Of The Fakir shoot wrapped@dhanushkraja heading #home & Big #VIP2Promotions will begin this week ? pic.twitter.com/JVRDMl8tXB? VIP Official (@VIPoffl) July 19, 2017Talking about his English film, directed by Ken Scott and based on the bestselling novel, he said, ?I play the lead character, Ajatashatru. He is a street magician. It?s his extraordinary journey as he ventures into the real world to figure it out. It?s told in a funny, entertaining way. The script has a lot of heart, humanity and so much to give to society. I have earlier said no to three-four English films but this film made me say ?yes?,? says Dhanush, whose VIP 2 is gearing up for release in August.Dhanush is a successful producer too. Does he plan to produce Hollywood films? ?I will be co-producing Hollywood films very soon. Talks are on. We are discussing a few scripts and collaborations but it?s at a very early stage right now,? he said, adding it?s a great time to be doing international films. ?The world is shrinking and everyone is majorly interested in Indian films now. They are watching our films, they are hiring Indian stars and they like our song-and-dance format. If you notice they are even adapting them in their films. It?s a very healthy change and I think it?s the best time for me to do something like this.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA Delhi court on Wednesday awarded a school principal and its director a 2-month jail sentence for causing mental trauma to a 7-year-old girl by not allowing her to attend classes. The teachers were allegedly instructed to not let the girl enter the classroom owing to a tiff between her parents and the school management over increased school fees. \r\nIn an unprecedented verdict, a Delhi court on Wednesday awarded a two-month jail term to a school principal and its director for causing mental trauma to a 7-year-old girl by not allowing her to enter the classroom. Kavita Chandra was the then director and Romi Chawla was the then principal of Dwarka-based OPG World School, where the incident took place on April 24, 2012. Both have been directed to pay a compensation of R 2.5 lakh each to the girl. ?For five long years, my daughter was traumatised and wondered what her fault was. The incident happened when she was in class 3 and admissions were closed in other schools. It took us over two months to find another school, and my child remained at home all this while for no fault of hers,? the girl?s father told Hindustan Times. Stating that the act of not allowing the child to sit in the classroom amounts to wilful neglect, the court had in June this year convicted Chandra and Chawla under Section 23 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000. The girl?s father had complained that his daughter was ill treated and confined by the school management throughout the school hours on April 24, 2012, in order to pressurise him to withdraw her from school. He said that instead of keeping her in the class with her classmates, she was wrongly confined to various other places in the school where neither children were present nor any activity was going on. He claimed that she was not even sent to dining hall to have a breakfast and lunch with her classmates. During her cross examination in the court, the girl had said that she was told by her class teacher that the director and principal had given instructions to not allow her to sit in the classroom. During the course of investigation, the director and the principal had said that a transfer certificate was issued on April 23, 2012 on the request of the girl?s parents. However, instead of collecting the transfer certificate, the child was sent to the school. They said that since the girl was not feeling comfortable on arrival at the school and knowing her past history of asthma, she was sent to infirmary for rest. The school had requested the parents to pick her up and collect the transfer certificate.However, the girl?s father said that he had raised questions against the arbitrary increase in school fees and accessory charges, after which the school management sought to evict his daughter with a transfer certificate. ?I had already paid the school fees in advance and so I refused to accept the transfer certificate. I told them that I will transfer her only after finding another school. But still the management prevented my daughter from attending her classes,? said the girl?s father. In its judgment, the court said that whatever may be the differences with the parents, the school authorities could not have allowed the child to be neglected. It further said that the child cannot be thrown out at the whim and fancies of the school authorities.The girl?s father said that he ran from pillar to post to get justice for her daughter, who is now 12-years-old. She is one of the top performers in her new school. ENDS\r\nRJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav's daughter, Chanda Yadav paid ?5,000 for a bungalow in Delhi's New Friends Colony, an investigation by the Income Tax (IT) Department revealed. The probe further revealed that the bungalow which is co-owned by her siblings Tejaswi and Ragini was acquired via a shell company and the source of company's funding was found to be bogus.\r\nRashtriya Janata Dal Chief Lalu Prasad Yadav's daughter Chanda Yadav paid a paltry sum of Rs 5,000 to become one of the owners of a posh bungalow in Delhi's elite New Friends Colony. Her brother Tejaswi and Ragini were the other two owners.An investigation by the Income Tax department into the alleged benami transactions of Lalu's children for buying properties in Delhi has revealed that AB Exports, the firm that purchased the bungalow for Rs 5 crore, was a shell company. This company in turn received funds from other five shell companies operating from Mumbai. The funds were used to buy the bungalow in its name (name of AB Exports). Later, the company was taken over by Lalu's relatives through share transfer.Also read | ED to seize Lalu Prasad's daughter Misa Bharti's Delhi farmhouse\r\nA signed and dated copy of theoretical physicist Albert Einstein's famous photograph in which he is seen sticking his tongue out is set to be auctioned off. Photographer Arthur Sasse captured the photograph as Einstein departed in the back of car following his 72nd birthday celebrations in 1951. Notably, Einstein had requested for copies of the photograph.\r\nWild haired with a bushy moustache and his tongue sticking out, the photograph revealing Albert Einstein as something of a prankster is one of the most recognisable images of the physicist. Now a signed and dated copy is about to be auctioned.Snapped by United Press International photographer Arthur Sasse as Einstein departed in the back of car following his 72nd birthday celebrations in 1951, the image shot into the public consciousness after publishers overcame their initial qualms and printed the jovial image.Even the Nobel laureate himself was amused at the photo, requesting cropped copies which he then signed and gave to friends. But the current auctioneers note that the image that is set to go under the hammer on 27 July is unusual in also showing the companions who left the Princeton club with Einstein that night: Frank Aydelotte, director of the Institute of Advanced Study at Princeton, where Einstein worked, and Aydelotte?s wife, Marie Jeanette.If previous sales are a guide, the latest lot could scoop a sizeable sum: copies signed by the physicist have recently sold for almost $44,000, with a signed, cropped version of the photo bearing a handwritten German rhyme selling for $125,000.Einstein?s leather jacket sold for \xa3110,000 last year, but a photograph may be a safer bet for Einstein aficionados: the jacket was dubbed ?rather pungent? by the auctioneers.\r\nActress Angelina Jolie, while explaining what led to her divorce with Brad Pitt, said, "Things became difficult." Talking about her equation with Pitt now, she added, "We care for each other and care about our family, and we are both working towards the same goal." Jolie, who has six children with Pitt, filed for divorce in September last year.\r\nIn a sprawling interview with Vanity Fair, Angelina Jolie spoke, among other things, about how her life has changed post her split from husband Brad Pitt. ?I never woke up and thought, I really want to live a bold life. I just can?t do the other. It?s the same as I can?t make a casserole. I cannot sit still,? she said.The trouble began in the summer of 2016, when she was working on her new film, First They Killed My Father, scheduled to release, like Pitt?s last film, War Machine, on Netflix.Angelina Jolie opens up about putting her family first, life after Brad, health issues & her most personal film yet https://t.co/nKyf4dO8ls pic.twitter.com/WkXCgWR1PV? VANITY FAIR (@VanityFair) July 26, 2017?Things got bad,? Jolie said. ?I didn?t want to use that word. ... Things became ?difficult.??According to the interviewer, Jolie became ?slightly defensive? at the mention of the family?s globe-trotting lifestyle, ?which reportedly had been grating on Pitt.??(The lifestyle) was not in any way a negative,? she asserted. ?That was not the problem. That is and will remain one of the wonderful opportunities we are able to give our children. ... They?re six very strong-minded, thoughtful, worldly individuals. I?m very proud of them.?Jolie abruptly filed for divorce in September 2016, which was followed by months of custody battles, and mud-slinging. Earlier this year, it was mutually decided that no details of the proceedings would be made public.Brad Pitt arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of The Lost City of Z at the ArcLight Hollywood. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tWhile Pitt, in his own tell-all interview (to GQ Style in March), said that he had spent the next few weeks on friends? couches, Jolie and their six children moved into a rental property for nine months before settling into a new home.?It?s just been the hardest time, and we?re just kind of coming up for air. (This house) is a big jump forward for us, and we?re all trying to do our best to heal our family.?Jolie said that she took the step ?for the health of the family.? Pitt, meanwhile admitted to ?boozing too much.? He was also investigated for child abuse, after an incident aboard their private plane which compelled Jolie to take the ultimate step. He was cleared.Read | Brad Pitt?s first interview post Angelina Jolie split: Our family was ripped apartRead | Brad Pitt says he quit drinking, in therapy after split with Angelina JolieFollow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Delhi High Court imposed a fine of ?10,000 on CM Arvind Kejriwal for not filing a response in the new ?10-crore defamation suit filed against him by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Jaitley had filed a case after Kejriwal's lawyer Ram Jethmalani called him a 'crook' in court, during the previous case's hearing.\r\nIn a major set back for Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, the Delhi High Court has imposed on him a fine of\xa0 Rs 10,000 for not filing a response on the fresh Rs 10 crore defamation suit against him by Union minister Arun Jaitley. The joint registrar Pankaj Gupta directed Kejriwal to deposit the cost while granting him two more weeks to file his response. The high court had on May 23 sought the response of Kejriwal on why defamation proceedings should not be initiated against him. OBJECTIONABLE TERMDuring the cross-examination of Jaitley on May 17, Arvind Kejriwal's former counsel Ram Jethmalani had allegedly used a term Jaitley had found objectionable. A day after, another high court judge, who was hearing a connected matter, had termed as scandalous the remarks made by Jethmalani against Jaitley.Terming the word as not only false, baseless, malicious and abusive, but per se defamatory, Jaitley had told the court he was subjected to numerous questions, terminologies/statements that are ex-facie abusive, malicious, offensive, irrelevant and slanderous. At the same time, while hearing Jaitley's another application to expedite the proceedings of the defamation suit, the court directed Kejriwal not to put "scandalous" questions to Jaitley. Holding that the remarks by Jethmalani, who has now quit as Kejriwal's counsel, were indecent, the court sought undertakings from Kejriwal's new counsel, who would cross-examine Jaitley. "I have never seen such scandalous words being used in any suit and it is uncalled for. This is not the way to conduct the cross-examination, they have to control themselves. You have used some words. Do these fall under free speech? Are you aware that these are unparliamentary words?" the judge said. Justice Manmohan said the chief minister should conduct cross-examination of the senior BJP leader in a dignified manner and in accordance with law. The court added that liberty of free expression could not be confused with the license to make unfounded, unwarranted and irresponsible aspersions. Observing that such words were prohibited under the Evidence Act, the court said if there was even an iota of scandalous questions in future cross-examination, it would transfer the case from the joint registrar to a bench of the high court. DEFAMATION SUITThe AAP leaders had accused the BJP leader of corruption as the president of the Delhi and District Cricket Association (DDCA), a post he had held from 2000 to 2013. Jaitley, who had rejected all allegations levelled by the AAP leaders in December 2015, filed a civil defamation suit seeking Rs 10 crore in damages from Kejriwal and five other others, claiming they made false and defamatory statements in the case involving DDCA, thereby harming his reputation. The AAP leaders had allegedly attacked Jaitley and some of his family members on social media platforms, over alleged irregularities and financial bungling in the DDCA.\r\nRJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav said on Thursday that he is considering to move the Supreme Court against Governor's decision to invite JD(U) chief Nitish Kumar first to form government in Bihar. Lalu argued that since RJD was the single largest party in Bihar, it should have been invited to form the government.  n\r\nLess than 16 hours after he resigned from the post in a dramatic change of stance, Nitish Kumar took oath as the chief minister of Bihar for the sixth time today. BJP's Sushil Modi will be his deputy. Earlier, Lalu Prasad Yadav's Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) hit the streets across Bihar in protest against Nitish Kumar's decision to dump Mahagathbandhan for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Nitish Kumar walked out of the 20-month-old grand alliance on Wednesday evening bringing a dramatic end to days of political uncertainty in the state.FROM INDIA TODAY MAGAZINE: NITISH KUMAR - GIANT SLAYERMoments after Nitish tendered his resignation to Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi, he was once again at the Governor's House later in the night to claim support of 132 MLAs of the JD-U and the BJP. He will have to take the floor test in the Assembly on Friday (July 28).LATEST UPDATES: Congratulations to @NitishKumar ji & @SushilModi ji. Looking forward to working together for Bihar\xe2??s progress & prosperity.Scene outside Raj Bhawan in Patna; preparations underway as Nitish Kumar set to be sworn in as Bihar Chief Minister for the 6th time today pic.twitter.com/0R5knvMC0LPatna: Vehicles stuck in traffic jam as RJD supporters block Mahatma Gandhi Setu, connecting north Bihar with Patna #NitishKumarpic.twitter.com/euXG3ZkrLETEJASHWI DECIDES TO FIGHT\xa0 In no mood to give up without a fight, Tejashwi Yadav earlier said the RJD being the single largest party in the state would stake claim to form the government."Have sought appointment with the governor. Will stake claim to form government as the the single largest party. Will also get the support of JD(U) MLAs who have won after defeating BJP candidates," Tejashwi tweeted.However, the numbers are stacked against him. The JD-U, BJP, their allies and supporting independent MLAs together account for 132 seats in the 243-member Bihar Assembly, 10 more than the magic figure of 122.RJD has 81 MLAs and even if Congress with 27 MLAs and CPI-ML (03) decide to back Tejashwi, their number would add up to 110.Reacting sharply to the governor inviting Nitish Kumar for the swearing-in at 10 am after giving him an appointment for 11 am, Tejashwi said RJD would stage a dharna outside Raj Bhavan against it."Governor gv us time of 11AM and now suddenly has asked NDA for oath ceremony at 10AM. Why so much hurry & rush Mr. Honest & Moral?" he tweeted well past midnight.ALSO READ:Nitish Kumar resigns, but not really: Bihar Game of Thrones starring BJP isolates Lalu Yadav?Trusted Nitish Kumar blindly but he betrayed me, says Lalu PrasadCall of my soul: 10 quotes of Nitish Kumar after his resignation as Bihar Chief Minister\r\nAirports Authority of India (AAI) has hiked the penalty amount for individuals violating regulations at airports. Any person contravening the regulations would now face up to ?5,000 penalty, compared to the earlier quantum of ?500. AAI Chairman Guruprasad Mohapatra said the penalties have been increased as the earlier quantum was not appropriate with the changing times.\r\nIndividuals violating regulations at airports will now have to pay higher penalties, with state-owned AAI notifying revised fine amounts.Airports Authority of India (AAI) Chairman Guruprasad Mohapatra said the penalties have been increased as the earlier quantum was not appropriate with the changing times.Now, any person contravening the AAI regulations would face up to Rs 5,000 penalty, a steep hike from the earlier quantum of Rs 500.?... in the case of continuing contravention with an additional fine which may extend to Rs 500 for everyday during which such contravention continues after conviction for the first such contravention,? according to a notification issued by the Airports Authority of India (AAI).Under the earlier rules, this amount was just Rs 20 per day.The revised quantum of fines have been notified by way of amendments to the AAI (Management of Airports) Regulations, 2003.?Earlier provisions were very dated and not keeping in tune with changing times,? Mohapatra told PTI.When asked whether the revision has been effected due to any recent incident involving unruly passengers, he replied in the negative.?This (amendment) has nothing to do with (any) recent incident. This has been under consideration for some time,? he noted.There have been instances of unruly behaviour at airports. Last month, there was an incident involving TDP MP J C Diwakar Reddy as he got into a verbal spat with IndiGo ground staff at Visakhapatnam airport. He allegedly threw a printer kept at the airline?s counter after he was informed that boarding for his flight to Hyderabad had closed.The AAI manages 125 airports, including 11 international and 81 domestic aerodromes.Besides, it provides Air Traffic Management Services (ATMS) over the Indian air space and adjoining oceanic areas.\r\nIndian batswoman Harmanpreet Kaur said that she developed her skill of 'six-hitting' while playing alongside men during the formative years of her career. Talking about her unbeaten 171-run knock in the ICC Women's World Cup semifinal against Australia, Harmanpreet said, "I was happy that I played that knock when the team needed and the team won."\r\nAggression comes naturally to Harmanpreet Kaur and she attributes her six-hitting prowess to playing with men in the formative days of her career.Harmanpreet?s 171 against Australia in the World Cup semi-final made her an overnight sensation and many started comparing the 28-year-old to the legendary Kapil Dev.READ?|?Post Women?s Cricket World Cup, India coach proposes charting roadmapThe batting star said the memorable innings was not any different to her usual style of play as she likes to play aggressive brand of cricket since childhood.?I like to bat in that way since childhood, I have learnt to play that way and played cricket with boys, who used to hit sixes and I liked hitting sixes. ?In the final (that India lost to England), we needed runs and I was going for runs, I played the shot thinking it will be fully covered, but it went into the fielder?s hand. I was very disappointed,? Harmanpreet told reporters here.READ |?India gifted the Women?s Cricket World Cup to England: Punam RautShe was due for runs in the knock out stages after a quiet league stage. And the team could not have asked her for more in the semi-final. ?I have played knocks like that in domestic cricket, I got chance in international but never made a long score. That match was telecast and people saw it, we had the hunger to win that match and I was happy that I played that knock when the team needed and the team won,? said the right-handed batswoman.READ?|?Harmanpreet Kaur credits physio Tracy Fernandes for Women?s World Cup showShe insists that her focus is always on the team?s total while batting and that is why she did not worry about her fitness during the marathon knock against Australia.?It was not at all difficult in terms of fitness, as I like fitness and like to play football. There were injuries, but thanks to physio, I did alright,? she added. \r\nFood regulator FSSAI has banned the use of staple pins in tea bags from January next year citing serious health hazards. Use of staple pins in tea bags poses potential hazards since any loose pin consumed inadvertently can cause serious health problems, the order said. At present, types of tea bags available in the market are either stapled or knotted.\r\nFood regulator FSSAI has banned use of staple pins in tea bags from January next year as it can cause serious health hazards, its CEO Pawan Agarwal said on?Wednesday.?We were getting complaints about the use of staple pins in tea bags. If these pins consumed inadvertently with tea, it may cause serious health hazards,? he said on the sidelines of a CII conference on health supplements and nutraceuticals sector.Agarwal said the industry has the timelines till January 2018 to replace production line for adhering this order.As per the FSSAI order, at present, there are two types of tea bags available in the market viz stapled tea bags and knotted tea bags.?Use of staple pins in tea bags poses potential hazards to consumers since any loose staple pin consumed inadvertently with tea may cause serious health hazards,? FSSAI order said.It directed the food business operators to discontinue the manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and import of stapled tea bags on January 2018.Asked about food quality in railways, Agarwal said it is working with Railways authorities to make a robust food safety system.FSSAI?s CEO said that the draft regulations of labelling would be issued soon. \r\nThe President is the first citizen as per the Order of Precedence of the Republic of India, making Ram Nath Kovind the topmost national. The Vice President and the Prime Minister are the second and the third citizens of the country respectively. While Governors are the fourth citizens of India, former Presidents and Deputy PM are fifth on the list.\r\nAfter taking the oath of office as the 14th President of India, Ram Nath Kovind is now the first citizen of the country. The vice-president, currently Hamid Ansari, is the second citizen of India as per the Order of Precedence of the Republic of India. Once the vice-presidential election is over in August, the second citizen will be either former Union minister M Venkaiah Naidu or Mahatma Gandhi's grandson Gopalkrishna Gandhi. This order is established by the President and maintained by the Prime Minister, who is number three in the list.In this Order of Precedence, you can at the best hope to be citizen number 27. We tell you how:Citizen No.1: PresidentCitizen No.2: Vice-PresidentCitizen No.3: Prime MinisterCitizen No.4: Governors (within their respective states)Citizen No.5: Former Presidents; 5A: Deputy Prime MinisterCitizen No.6: Chief Justice of India, Speaker of Lok SabhaCitizen No.7: Union cabinet ministers, Chief Ministers (within their respective States), Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission (now Niti Aayog), Former Prime Ministers, Leaders of Opposition in Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha; 7A: Bharat Ratna awardeesCitizen No.8: Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary and High Commissioners of Commonwealth countries accredited to India, Chief Ministers(outside their respective states), Governors (outside their respective states)Citizen No.9: Judges of Supreme Court; 9A: Chairperson of Union Public Service Commission (UPSC), Chief Election Commissioner, Comptroller and Auditor General of IndiaCitizen No.10: Deputy Chairman of Rajya Sabha, Deputy Chief Ministers, Deputy Speaker of Lok Sabha, Members of the Planning Commission (now Niti Aayog), Ministers of State (and any other minister in the Ministry of Defence for defence matters)Citizen No.11: Attorney General (AG), Cabinet Secretary, Lieutenant Governors (within their respective Union Territories)Citizen No.12: Chiefs of Staff holding the rank of full General or equivalent rank Citizen No.13: Envoys Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary accredited to IndiaCitizen No.14: Chairmen and Speakers of State Legislatures (within their respective states), Chief Justices of High Courts (within their respective jurisdictions)Citizen No.15: Cabinet Ministers in states (within their respective states), Chief Ministers of Union Territories and Chief Executive Councillor, Delhi (within their respective Union Territories), Deputy Ministers of the Union Citizen No.16: Officiating Chiefs of Staff holding the rank of Lieutenant General or equivalent rankCitizen No.17: Chairman of Central Administrative Tribunal, Chairman of Minorities Commission, Chairperson of National Commission for Scheduled Castes, Chairperson of National Commission for Scheduled Tribes, Chief Justices of High Courts (outside their respective jurisdictions), Puisne Judges of High Courts (within their respective jurisdictions)Citizen No.18: Cabinet Ministers in states (outside their respective states), Chairmen and Speakers of State Legislatures (outside their respective states), Chairman of Monopolies and Restrictive Trade Practices Commission, Deputy Chairmen and Deputy Speakers of State Legislatures (within their respective states), Ministers of State in state governments (within their respective states), Ministers of Union Territories and Executive Councilors, Delhi (within their respective Union Territories)Speakers of Legislative Assemblies in Union Territories and Chairman of Delhi Metropolitan Council within their respective Union Territories.Citizen No.19: Chief Commissioners of Union Territories not having councils of ministers, within their respective Union Territories Deputy Ministers in states (within their respective states), Deputy Speakers of Legislative Assemblies in Union Territories and Deputy Chairman of Metropolitan Council Delhi, within their respective Union TerritoriesCitizen No.20: Deputy Chairmen and Deputy Speakers of State Legislatures, outside their respective statesMinisters of State in state governments (outside their respective states), Puisne Judges of High Courts (outside their respective jurisdictions) Citizen No.21: Members of ParliamentCitizen No.22: Deputy Ministers in state (outside their respective states)Citizen No.23: Army Commanders/ Vice-Chief of the Army Staff or equivalent in other servicesChief Secretaries to state governments (within their respective states)Commissioner for Linguistic Minorities, Commissioner for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled TribesMembers of Minorities Commission, Members of National Commission for Scheduled Castes, Members of National Commission for Scheduled TribesOfficers of the rank of full General or equivalent rankSecretaries to the Government of India (including officers holding this office ex-officio)Secretary of Minorities Commission, Secretary of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes CommissionSecretary to the President Secretary to the Prime Minister Secretary, Rajya Sabha/Lok Sabha Solicitor General, Vice-Chairman of Central Administrative TribunalCitizen No.24: Officers of the rank of Lieutenant General or equivalent rankCitizen No.25: Additional Secretaries to the Government of IndiaAdditional Solicitor General, Advocate Generals of StatesChairman of Tariff CommissionCharge d' Affairs and Acting High Commissioners a pied and ad interimChief Ministers of Union Territories and Chief Executive Councillor, Delhi (outside their respective Union Territories)Chief Secretaries of state governments outside their respective statesDeputy Comptroller and Auditor GeneralDeputy Speakers of Legislative Assemblies in Union Territories and Deputy Chairman, Delhi Metropolitan Council (outside their respective Union Territories)Director of Central Bureau of Investigation, Director General of Border Security Force, Director General of Central Reserve Police, Director of Intelligence BureauLieutenant Governors (outside their respective Union Territories)Members of Central Administrative Tribunal, Members of Monopolies and Restrictive Trade Practices Commission, Members of Union Public Service Commission (UPSC)Ministers of Union Territories and Executive Councillors, Delhi, outside their respective Union TerritoriesPrincipal Staff Officers of the Armed Forces of the rank of major General or equivalent rankSpeakers of Legislative Assemblies in Union Territories and Chairman of Delhi, Metropolitan Council, outside their respective Union Territories \xa0Citizen No.26: Joint Secretaries to the Government of India and officers of equivalent rank, Officers of the rank of Major-General or equivalent rank Citizen No.27: You?(Source: Ministry of Home Affairs)ALSO READ:Full text: President Ram Nath Kovind's speech in Parliament\r\nMumbai Metro One on Wednesday announced plans to launch India's first mobile ticketing system by mid-August for easy commute. Commuters will reportedly be able to buy tickets using the Mumbai Metro app, which will generate a QR code that can be used to get access through automated fare collection gates. However, tickets will continue to be sold over the counter.\r\nFrom next month, you will no longer need to carry your smartcard or stand in long queues to buy a ticket to ride the city?s Metro. To ensure a hassle-free and faster commute for Mumbaiites, the Reliance Infrastructure-promoted Mumbai Metro One plans to introduce mobile ticketing. This means commuters will be able to buy tickets or monthly passes using the Mumbai Metro app. Once they pay using their mobile wallets or e-wallet, a QR code will be generated, said officials. A commuter needs to place his mobile screen close to the gate?s sensor , which will scan the code and enable him to access the platform.Officials said this would be the first mobile-based ticketing system to be implemented on India?s Metros.?Commuters will no longer need to go to a ticket counter or to customer care to get a ticket or a pass. All you need now is a smartphone,? said a senior official. Commuters can generate a QR code for journeys planned even a week later.Officials, however, said they do not plan to stop the sale of single and return journey tokens, 45-trip monthly passes and store value passes over the counter. ?Most popular Metros in the world such as the London underground and the New York and Singapore subways use mobility cards,? a senior official said. The Delhi and Kolkata metros plan to introduce mobile-ticketing systems soon.Officials said 1.60 lakh commuters buy tokens at counters at Metro stations daily. Around 15,000 smartcards are bought daily. ?The benefits of this new system are enormous. No longer will 1.60 lakh commuters have to wait in queue,? the official said.\r\nBJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi on Thursday took oath as the Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar, in a ceremony at Raj Bhavan. Meanwhile, Nitish Kumar was sworn-in as the state's Chief Minister for the sixth time, after he claimed majority with the BJP as an ally. Nitish Kumar had broken the Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance and resigned from the CM post yesterday.\r\nLess than a day after resigning as Bihar chief minister, Nitish Kumar took oath on Thursday as the head of the government for the sixth time with Sushil Kumar Modi sworn in as deputy chief minister.Kumar met governor Keshari Nath Tripathi late on Wednesday with NDA leaders and staked claim to form a new government with support of 132 MLAs. He has been asked by the governor to prove his majority in the Assembly within two days of taking oath.Here are the updates:9:39pm: RJD?s Bhai Virender says the party will demand for secret ballot in the assembly. ?Then, we?ll know who won and who lost,? ANI?reported him saying after RJD MLAs meet in Patna8:52 pm:  RJD supporters threw stones on the Saran district magistrate and superintendent of police Aunsuiya Ransingh Sahu during protests against Nitish Kumar. The protestors were shouting slogans in favour of RJD on Jay Prakash Narayan overbridge in the district, PTI reported.An FIR has been registered in this connection.Reports of road blockade and protest march by RJD supporters also poured in from Hajipur and Begusarai among others during the day.8:35 pm: Meanwhile, senior Biju Janata Dal (BJD) leader and Panchayati Raj Minister Pradip Maharathy said the party will not return to the NDA fold, IANS reported.Talk of a possible BJP-BJD alliance gained ground in the wake of BJD president Naveen Patnaik?s recent stand backing the NDA government?s demonetisation move, GST and the latest presidential choice.?Nitish Kumar may have believed in ?Jod-tod Ki Sarkar?, we are not going to have any alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). We are strong enough in Odisha and can counter any party in the ensuing elections,? said Maharathy.8:30 pm:  Two petitions have been filed in the Patna High Court, challenging the formation of the new government, IANS reports. One petition was filed by Jitender Kumar and the second by RJD legislator Saroj Yadav and Chandan Kumar Verma, contended that the mandate in 2015 Bihar assembly polls was given to Grand Alliance of JD-U, RJD and Congress led by Nitish Kumar against the BJP and it was to rule for five years.8:17 pm: Bihar Assembly to meet at 11 am on Friday for the trust vote by Nitish Kumar, PTI reports.8:15 pm:Patna: Lalu Prasad Yadav with family members at his residence. Party MLAs also present pic.twitter.com/ItmPnGgJHd? ANI (@ANI_news) July 27, 20177:45pm:  Dharmendra Pradhan, Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas, says he spoke to Nitish Kumar and Sushil Modi and congratulated them.Petroleum Ministry is fully committed to complete projects worth Rs. 21,476 Crores, covered under 'Bihar Package' announced by Hon'ble PM.? Dharmendra Pradhan (@dpradhanbjp) July 27, 20177:30 pm: JD(U) Maharashtra unit head Kapil Patil has criticised Nitish?s decision to go with the BJP. He says the party will decide future course of action in a meet soon.6:55 pm: The official Rashtriya Janata Dal Twitter account claims Nitish Kumar was threatened by Tejashwi?s popularity.He is new youth icon of Indian politics and flag bearer of social justice politics. #BiharWithTejashwi pic.twitter.com/5hGCpL4fQ1? Rashtriya Janata Dal (@RJDforIndia) July 27, 2017?Tejashwi proved himself on all fronts and that?s what perturbed Nitish and BJP. Tejashwi Yadav?s performance forced BJP and Nitish to come together so they can collectively fight against him. Nitish was envy of his Deputy as Tejashwi was drawing more crowds and acceptance than Nitish,? the party tweeted.6:50 pm: Sitaram Yechury tells ANI, ?Every few years Nitish Kumar takes oath as CM from different alliances. Quite a record. Straightforward political opportunism.?6:25 pm: Samajwadi Party?s Akhilesh Yadav and Azam Khan reacted to the developments in Bihar.Party supremo Akhilesh Yadav struck a musical note, quoting 1965 Bollywood film Jab Jab Phool Khile, to mock Nitish for allying with BJP.?? ?? ????, ????? ??????? ?? ?? ???????? ?? ????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?? ?? ????Bihar Today? Akhilesh Yadav (@yadavakhilesh) July 27, 2017Azam Khan said the Bihar CM?s name should be ?Nitish Tyagi?. ?First, he made sacrifice and came in power. This time also, he sacrificed and again came in power. He is a kind of man who sacrifices a lot. He should be named Nitish Tyagi,? Khan told ANI.6:22pm: After meeting with Sharad Yadav, JD(U)?s Ali Anwar says, ?We, including Sharad ji, had no idea that such a big development would happen overnight. We are surprised.?6: 12 pm: Arun Kumar of JD(U) says, ?Sharad (Yadav) ji is concerned over Nitish Kumar?s decision.In 1-2 days Sharad ji will talk to senior leaders of all national parties.?5:40 pm:  JD(U) MPs Veerendra Kumar and Ali Anwar reach Sharad Yadav?s residence in Delhi, ANI reports.5:20 pm:  Sushil Kumar Modi tweets, ?With the swearing-in of NDA-2 government in Bihar, the state has also been rid of 20 months of a bad phase. We will not step back from prosecuting criminals and the mafia. We will have inclusive growth with the help of collective effort.?He adds, ?After 37 years, with the same alliance in power both in the state and at the Centre, this is a historic moment for Bihar. With mutual cooperation we will give development new life in every sector. This is the beginning of ?acche din? for 11 crore people.?????? ??? NDA-2 ????? ?? ???-????? ?? ??? ????? 20 ????? ?? ????? ??? ?? ????? ??????????-?????? ?? ???? ???????? ???? ?? ???? ???? ??????.? Sushil Kumar Modi (@SushilModi) July 27, 20172/1..???? ??? ???? ???? ????? ????? ?????????? ?? ??? ???????????? ??????? ???? ?? ???? ?? ?????? Sushil Kumar Modi (@SushilModi) July 27, 2017????? ?? ??? ?? ???????? ???? ??, ?? 37 ??? ??? ?????? ?? ????? ??? ?? ?? ?????? ?? ????? ????? ?????? ????? ?? ?? ?? ??????? ??? ????? 2/n? Sushil Kumar Modi (@SushilModi) July 27, 20172/2..?? ?? ?????? ?????? 11 ????? ???? ?? ??? ????? ????? ?? ?????? ???? ???? Sushil Kumar Modi (@SushilModi) July 27, 20175:10 pm:  Meanwhile in Kerala, as the state JD(U) unit voiced disapproval of Nitish Kumar?s move, the CPI-M made another bid to woo the party. State Communist Party of India-Marxist Secretary Kodiyeri Balakrishnan said his party welcomed the ?right reaction? of Rajya Sabha member and Kerala JD(U) chief Veerendra Kumar, who had frowned upon the Bihar developments. ?Now, what the state JD(U) should do is to quit the Congress-led United Democratic Front (in Kerala). Once it is done, the Left Democratic Front (LDF) will discuss taking back JD(U) into its fold,? Balakrishnan told reporters in the Kerala capital.It is the second time within weeks that Balakrishnan has extended an open invite to the state JD(U) to return to the LDF fold.5:00 pm: Senior RJD leader Jagdanand Singh says: RJD is the largest party in the state Assembly. We have majority but were not invited by the Governor to form government. The RJD will not allow the Assembly to function.? 4:50 pm: Lalu Prasad tweets:????? ?????, ????? ??? ??? ???? ???? ????? ???????? ?? ???? ????? ???? ??? ???? ?? ????? ???? ?? ?????? ?? ????-???? ???? ??? ???? ????? Lalu Prasad Yadav (@laluprasadrjd) July 27, 20174:45 pm: RJD MLA Maheshwar Yadav tells ANI that most party MLAs wanted Tejashwi Yadav to resign so that the alliance and the govt could be saved. ?Nitish ji ki aadat hai ki wo apne gathbandhan mein daagi vyakti ko nahi rakhte hain, isiliye gathbandhan toot gaya ( It is Nitish ji?s habit to remove tainted people from the alliance. This is why the mahagathbandhan broke),? he says.?Affection of children and family makes person weak in politics. Nitish Kumar walks alone and with honesty. That is why he is successful,? Yadav adds.4:14 pm:  The developments in Bihar found mention in the Lok Sabha earlier in the day, IANS reported.As the House met and took up Question Hour, Jai Prakash Narayan Yadav of RJD raised the issue of the JD(U)leaving the ?Grand Alliance? and forming a new government with the BJP.Yadav was seen shouting from his seat, calling it a ?murder of democracy?.4:12 pm: The JD(U) unit in Kerala opposed Nitish Kumar for tying up with the BJP and announced it was severing ties with him, IANS reported. The chief of the party?s Kerala unit, MP Veerendra Kumar, a Rajya Sabha member, told reporters in Delhi that he was even ready to quit the Upper House to pursue his fight against ?fascist forces?. ?Whatever the price, we?re ready to pay,? he said. ?We are not accepting the JD(U) joining the NDA and our relations with Nitish Kumar have ended. It?s shocking that Nitish Kumar has joined the NDA. We all thought that he will fight the fascist tendencies but he has now become a part of it.?Veerendra Kumar said he expected JD(U) senior leader Sharad Yadav and its MLAs in Bihar not to accept Nitish Kumar?s decision. ?I call upon Sharad Yadav and JD(U) MLAs to say that we won?t accept it.?3: 30 pm: ED registers money laundering case against  Lalu Prasad and his family members in a railway hotel allotment corruption case: Official2:38 pm: JD(U) hits back at Lalu Yadav?s accusation against Nitish Kumar in a murder case.2:36 pm: Lalu Prasad has a habit of twisting facts: JD(U) leader at press conference.2:33 pm: Lalu Yadav tweets picture of Nitish Kumar?s affidavit filed with his nomination papers. ????? ?? ????? ?????? ?? ???? ????? ?? ????? ??? ????? ???? affidavite ??? ???? ??? ?? ???? ??? ?? ?? ?? ??? ??? ????? pic.twitter.com/MUmOkKgV3q? Lalu Prasad Yadav (@laluprasadrjd) July 27, 20172: 30 pm:  Sharad Yadav, former JD (U) president, calls a meeting of disgruntled party legislators in Patna in the afternoon. Around half of the 71 JD(U) legislators are Muslims and Yadavs.2:20 pm: This, indeed, is a black day for democracy: Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala on Nitish Kumar switching sides.?PM questioned political DNA of Nitish Kumar. it has been proved that DNAs of JDU & BJP are identical, its opportunism,? says Surjewala.2:12 pm: Congress MP Ghulam Nabi Azad says, ?I think it has become Nitish ji?s habit to change parties and stand every few years.?2:05 pm: JDU member Ajay Alok questions Congress claims that his party betrayed them.?Congress says we betrayed them, also says this was going on since 3-4 months. How can it be betrayal if they already knew?? he asks.2:02 pm: Deputy CM Sushil Modi says good days for Bihar will usher in the future, holds Congress and RJD responsible for collapse of grand alliance.1:45 pm: RJD workers protest against Nitish Kumar in Patna.1:44 pm: Nitish Kumar thanks PM Modi for his wishes over Twitter.?There will be no compromise on corruption. I?m confident that with the cooperation of the centre, developement in the state will get a boost,? tweets Nitish.1:39 pm: RJD  MLA Jagadanand Singh says CM & deputy CM must resign, until they don?t, we will not let the Vidhan Sabha to function.1: 10 pm:Reaction of opposition party membersMayawati says whatever is happening doesn?t bode well for democracy. People of the country have to come forward to protect this institution from weakening. Shashi Tharoor tweets, ?If after campaigning against BJP you want to join BJP, spirit of democracy requires you2resign&seek a fresh mandate. This is amoral politics.??This is now the 3rd time that BJP has formed a state government after losing an election. Goa, Manipur&Bihar show our democracy in poor light?1:08 pm: We didn?t push them, they went there on their own: Lalu Yadav?This is all fake news from Delhi ,? says Lalu Yadav when asked if he was approached to break unity in lieu of some incentive.1:04 pm: So what if Nitish has gone to the BJP, we will get Mayawati, Akhilesh, Mamata together: Lalu Yadav on Opposition unity.12: 59 pm: Nitish Kumar government to seek trust vote tomorrow: says Brajesh Mehrotra, principal secretary, Cabinet Coordination Department of  Bihar govt.12:50 pm: Nitish Kumar, the CM of Bihar, my younger brother is accused of murder under sections 147, 148, 149, 302, 307: Lalu Yadav12: 49 pm: Lalu Yadav says considering to appeal in Supreme Court against governor?s decision.UP Assembly passes resolution congratulating Nitish Kumar on becoming Bihar CM again.12:44 pm: Nitish Kumar to prove his majority in a special session of the Bihar Assembly on July 28.12: 35 pm: Some media who we had thought were good, they took supari. See how the US media is fighting Trump, here media fights opposition. Amit Shah is the super editor, he decides how news should be & he tells owners of media, who tells editors, not reporters fault: alleges Lalu Yadav12: 29 pm: This match was fixed. I have not caused any inconvenience for Nitish. On many occasions, Nitish met PM Modi, had lunch. The timing of whatever happened was already fixed: Lalu Yadav12:27 pm: I charge Nitish Kumar that he collided with BJP to conduct the raids by CBI, ED on RJD leaders and to malign them: Lalu Yadav.12:23 pm: If I was greedy I would not have made Nitish Kumar the chief minister. He used to say that I?ll perish but never tie up with BJP: Lalu Yadav.Narendra Modi put up a charade of achhe din and of giving jobs. The BJP is fooling India: Lalu Prasad Yadav12:21 pm:  Nitish Kumar is huge opportunist. The mandate was against BJP, to throw out Modi-Shah out of Bihar: Lalu Yadav12: 17 pm: PM Modi attacks below the belt, had said that there was fault in Nitish Kumar?s DNA. BJP and Nitish Kumar had a divorce. Past 15-20 year, I have been fighting cases in courts. I was sentenced in a hurry. There was a conspiracy between Nitish Kumar and BJP: Lalu Yadav12:15 pm: Will support  Modi government in both houses of Parliament: JD(U) spokesperson K C Tyagi.12:11 pm: The state of Bihar is a very aware; today everyone in very angry :Lalu Prasad Yadav to reports.He says it is regrettable there is no Gandhiji among us to unite this country. Amit Shah & Modi?s khandan of Godse - RSS killed him.11: 51 am: A person can do anything for his greed- there is no limit, no credibility. They do anything for power: Rahul Gandhi on Twitter.11:50 am: ?He (Nitish) had joined hands with us in the anti- communal fight, but Nitish Kumar, for his personal politics, joined hands with those against whom he had fought,? Gandhi says in a seething tweet.11: 45 am: Dalits,OBCs & EBCs intact & consolidated in Bihar tht?s y RSS & BJP hell bent to reimpose past caste based order in society wth help of JDU: tweets Tejashwi.11: 41 am: BJP president Amit Shah congratulates Nitish Kumar and Dy chief minister Sushil Modi for ?unitedly standing against corruption?.11:40 am: Frequent change of stand by Nitish Kumar doesn?t show him in good light: tweets Himachal Pradesh CM Virbhadra Singh.11:23 am: Digvijaya Singh says if JD(U) had problems with Tejashwi, they could have suspended him, called a  RJD-JDU-Cong meeting, there was no need to cheat the grand alliance.11:11 am:?In a series of strongly-worded tweets, Tejashwi Yadav lashes out at Nitish Kumar. ?Vicious greed for power of opportunism will spell it?s own doom. People are not fools that they digest their penchant for wicked power grab, tweets Tejashwi11: 05 am: Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge alleges that BJP tried all tactics to destabilize states where Opposition had government.11: 03 am: Development will be a priority, will take Bihar to greater heights: Sushil Modi after being sworn in as Bihar deputy CM.11: 00 am: After taking oath, Nitish Kumar says his decision is in Bihar?s interest and for its development.11:00 am: Tejashwi tweets saying ally and BJP resorted to ?low level vindictive & opportunistic politics?Vendetta against me exposes their viciousness: Tejashwi.10:55 am:?Scandal- tainted RJD?leader Tejashwi Yadav joins the fray in tweeting, says: ?Entered in govt with clean slate,keen desire of writing a positive story for Bihar ppl, only to find opportunist rival.?Allegations against Tejashwi and Lalu triggered the crisis in Bihar, with CM Nitish Kumar claiming he couldn?t stay in the Grand Alliance because his ?conscience??didn?t allow it. 10:50 am:?Shortly after the swearing-in ceremony, Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulates Nitish Kumar and Dy CM Sushil Modi. ?Looking forward to working together for Bihar?s progress & prosperity,? tweets PM Modi.10:40am:?Nitish Kumar does not care about Indians or the people of Bihar. He only cares about his seat:?ANI?quotes RJD MLA Bhai Birendra10:30am:?We knew about Nitish Kumar planning to join NDA for the past three to four months. This is the problem with Indian politics, people can do anything for their selfishness... Nitish Kumar has cheated us: TV quotes Rahul Gandhi as saying on Nitish Kumar switching sides.  ?Mandate was given to Nitish ji for the anti-communal fight but now he has joined hands with them (BJP)?for his personal politics.?10:07 am: Sushil Kumar Modi takes oath as deputy chief minister for the third time.10:03 am: Nitish Kumar takes oath as chief minister of Bihar.10:02 am: RJD protest march cancelled after section 144 imposed around Raj Bhawan in Patna10:00 am: Governor arrives at Raj Bhawan, ceremony begins.9:51 am: Nitish Kumar reaches Raj Bhawan in Patna.9:49 am: Sushil Modi reaches Raj Bhawan in Patna, set to be sworn in as Bihar deputy chief minister.9:45 am: Will raise the issue in Parliament strongly, will also speak to other parties and protest in front of Gandhi statue:  RJD MP JP Yadav.9: 45 am: JDU MP Sharad Yadav refuses to comment on Bihar political tussle, NDA-JDU tie up.9:37 am: Nitish ji?s step against corruption is a courageous one. BJP wants development and wants to help bring stability in Bihar: JP Nadda in Patna9:33 am: BJP?MLA Nitin Navin says Lalu is anxious, there is going to be revolt within the RJD.9:27 am: Bihar governor invites Nitish Kumar to form government. 9:09 am: Preparations underway at Raj Bhavan for oath-taking ceremony of Nitish Kumar.7:50 am: JD(U) MP Ali Anwar says his conscience doesn?t allow him to support the decision of Nitish Kumar.  He says will voice his opinion in the party if given an opportunity.7: 15 am: RJD supporters block Mahatma Gandhi Setu, connecting north Bihar with Patna, over Nitish Kumar?s resignation and forming government.4:00 am: ?RJD being the single largest party should have been invited to form the government. We are taking legal advice and will move court against the governor?s decision,? Tejashwi tells reporters after the meeting.This whole drama was planned and Tejashwi was just an excuse for him (Kumar) to go with BJP: Tejashwi Yadav2:40 am: Tejashwi Yadav meets Bihar governor Keshri Nath Tripathi in Patna to register protest over Nitish Kumar being invited to form his government ahead of RJD. ?Governor gave us time of 11 a.m. and now suddenly has asked NDA for oath ceremony at 10 a.m. Why so much hurry & rush Mr. Honest & Moral?? Tejashwi Yadav had tweeted.2:37 am: #FLASH Bihar Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi invites Tejashwi Yadav & 5 RJD MLAs for discussion. pic.twitter.com/sicW9oRVqn? ANI (@ANI_news) July 26, 20172:30 am: RJD leaders attempt to storm the Raj Bhawan with Tejashwi Yadav and his brother Tej Pratap and ten other former ministers in the Nitish cabinet. The strong security force deployed in the area wall them back.12.30am: Lalu Prasad says: ?Nitish Kumar has underlined that he is an opportunist. Having done what he has, he cannot stake claim without a challenge. The Congress, CPI-ML and independents will back our claims to form the next government... Struggle is my life. I have to be in Ranchi for the next three days. However, Tejashwi has been asked to present the claim to the governor in the forenoon tomorrow.?12.07am: Taking a letter of support to governor to stake claim for forming government: Prem Kumar, BJP, on Sushil Modi and Nitish Kumar?s meet with governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.(With inputs from agencies)\r\nDIG Roopa, who submitted a report alleging VK Sasikala being given VIP treatment in jail, has been issued a notice asking her to publish an apology in leading newspapers. The notice has been served by transferred Karnataka DGP HN Satyanarayana Rao, who was blamed in the report for taking bribe to give Sasikala special treatment in jail.\r\nFormer Karnataka deputy inspector general of prisons Roopa D Moudgil, who alleged that AIADMK leader VK Sasikala received preferential treatment in Bengaluru Central Prison by paying a bribe, has been issued a legal notice by former director general of police (prisons) HN Sathyanarayana Rao seeking unconditional apology for saying there were allegations of bribery against him.In her controversial report, Moudgil had said she heard allegations Sasikala paid a bribe of Rs 2 crore to senior prison officials, including Rao, for getting privileged treatment, which, among other things, including a private kitchen.Moudgil was transferred to the position of inspector general of police and commissioner for traffic and road safety, Bengaluru. Rao was also transferred, but without charge as he is set to retire at the end of the month.In a notice dated July 16 and released by his lawyers, Rao has denied all the allegations and sought a public apology from Moudgil within three days of receiving the notice.The notice says Rao will file defamation suits, both civil and criminal, for Rs 50 crore even if Moudgil apologises, as her report, coming just a few days before Rao?s retirement, ?has caused untold mental agony to him?.Reacting to the notice on Thursday, Moudgil stuck to her stand.?I have done my duty... There is a complaint pending with the anti-corruption bureau, and it has to look into the matter,? Moudgil said.Moudgil said Australia-based NRI VC Prakash had said in connection with the Election Commission bribery case that he knew the jail officials and had facilitated a meeting between them and Sasikala. ?The ACB will have to look into to this lead,? Moudgil said. ?I?m sure the truth will emerge.?In the notice, a copy of which HT has accessed, Rao?s lawyers have accused Moudgil of leaking her report to Rao on the alleged irregularities even before it reached him. ?Thus, it is clear that publicity was the main intention in writing such a complaint,? the notice says.The notice says Moudgil had some axe to grind against Rao ?and to achieve same you have made baseless allegations and the same has tarnished the image of my client.?Accusing Moudgil of taking photos elsewhere in the prison compound, the notice questions why she could not take photos of the alleged privileges that had been allowed to Sasikala. ?The reason is obvious that you could not take photo of a non-existent kitchen,? the notice says.?You claim that you have taken pictures of irregularities inside the prison. But you have not taken the picture of Sasikala?s separate kitchen and other royal facilities, which are the prime subject of your allegations. You could not take pictures because nothing like that existed,? the notice says.Meanwhile, the inquiry ordered by the chief minister headed by a retired Indian Administrative Service officer is underway. Rao, Moudgil, and jailer Krishna Kumar were transferred to ensure a fair probe, the government had said. The State Human Rights Council is also looking into the matter. \r\nA man working as a manager in a Bengaluru Cafe Coffee Day (CCD) committed suicide by hanging himself, and blamed the cafe chain in his suicide note. He wrote that he had been promised promotion since 11 years but did not get one. He also added that employees' salaries were withheld if the targets were not met.\r\nPramod, a 35-year-old man from Chikkamagaluru, Bengaluru who was working as a manager in one of the most popular chain of cafes, Cafe Coffee Day committed suicide. He left a suicide note blaming Cafe Coffee Day for his death.He penned down his misery in the letter explaining why he took such an extreme step. Pramod, who was working with the company since 11 years was promised a raise by his senior officers many time, was working undue stress and pressure. Pramod was working in Mahadevapura's Phoenix mall branch for the past 11 years. He blamed Cafe Coffee Day for making false promises and withholding salaries when the target wasn't met. Pramod left a daughter and wife behind.Here's what his suicide note said: "Cafe Coffee Day is responsible for my death. I was working in Bangalore. But they said they would give me a promotion and sent me to Mangalore. I did go there, but they did not promote me. Instead, they asked me to return to Bangalore. I returned to Bangalore as they said. This hurt me a lot. Everyone here was asking me about the promotion, and it did not feel good. Also, there is too much of sales pressure in the Coffee Day. If we do not meet their target, they withheld our salaries. How can we arrange for lakhs of rupees? All are working for the sake of making their ends meet, for the daily bread. But with these conditions how do we even work? Chinnu and Muddu, please forgive me. I request Siddarth Sir to help my son for his studies and my wife for a living. Please ask them not to have "sales day". Dear father, mother, brother, sister-in-law, father-in-law and brother-in-law, please take good care of Muddu (daughter) and Arpita (wife). Give them so much love that they should not miss me at all. Please donate my organs after my death. Chinnu & Muddu I miss you both forever. Your's lovingly PRAMOD"\r\nA 32-year-old Delhi woman strangulated her husband and reportedly slept next to his dead body in her one-room house for two nights. The man used to reportedly thrash his wife after consuming alcohol heavily. The woman bought alcohol and made her husband drink during the weekend calling it a treat from her side and murdered him when he passed out. \r\nA woman in southwest Delhi?s Kapashera planned the perfect murder of her ?abusive? husband and almost got away with it too, but for the sharp eye of a police informer who spotted injuries on the body minutes before it was cremated.The woman, Shilpi Adhikari, 32, police said, killed her husband but did not know what to do with the body after the murder.She slept beside it for two nights inside her one-room house in Kapashera. On the third day, she informed her neighbours and tried to pass the incident off as natural death. She almost managed to get away with it too but for a police informer, who noticed strangulation marks on the man?s neck minutes before the body was to be cremated and informed the police. The police on Tuesday arrested Shilpi and registered a case of murder. Shilpi Adhikari, a native of West Bengal, worked as a housekeeping employee at the Royal Bank of Scotland. She waited for the weekend to execute her plan, when her husband Nitish usually drank heavily and thrashed her. It had to be done on a Saturday. She had waited the whole week.  According to investigating officials, on Saturday evening after dinner, she offered Nitish alcohol. She had bought extra alcohol for her husband from a local shop near her house. ?She told her husband that it was her treat and continued giving him alcohol till late in the night,? an investigating officer said. Read: ?He beat me for hours?: Delhi woman who smothered husband says he left no choice?At around midnight, when her husband passed out she strangulated him. Unsure about what to do next, she continued to sleep in the same 8x10 feet room with the body,? the officer said. For more than 48 hours, Shilpi did not step out. On Monday morning, at around 9 am, locals in the Kapashera village heard Shilpi crying outside her house. She was wailing loudly, a villagers later told the police. She told locals that her husband had suffered a heart attack and died in his sleep. Nobody suspected her. The couple had two kids, aged 13 and 11, who live with their maternal grandmother in West Bengal. According to police, the locals, mostly migrants from West Bengal and Bihar, advised that the body be cremated as it had started smelling because of the heat on Monday as the day temperature was around 37\xb0C. By noon, the locals reached the crematorium along with the body. Shilpi was there too. An officer said Nitish?s body was on a pyre, when a police informer noticed some marks on Nitish?s body and also realised that the smell emanating from the body wasn?t normal. He secretly called inspector Ashish Dalal, posted at the Kapashera police station. Dalal and his team immediately rushed to the crematorium and stopped the locals from cremating the body. ?Had we been 10-15 minutes late, the body would have reduced to ashes. There would be no evidence and it would have been a perfect murder. We took the body and sent it for post mortem,? an officer told the Hindustan Times.Doctors told the police on Tuesday morning that the man had died of strangulation more than 72 hours before the body was brought for post mortem. Shilpi, who was detained from the spot, was formally arrested. Nitish, according to Shilpi?s confession was an abusive drinker who thrashed her mercilessly. The beatings, like his drinking, had increased over the last few months leaving her with no option but to murder him.\r\nAccording to an RTI reply, Prime Minister's Office has paid around ?89 lakh to Indian Air Force for flying Narendra Modi on 128 "non-official" domestic trips since he took office. The rates for these flights were last revised 1999, which makes them cheaper to travel in than the commercial flights. The trips were majorly taken by PM to election-bound states.\r\n The Prime Minister?s Office has paid around Rs 89 lakh to the Indian Air Force for flying Narendra Modi on 128 ?non-official? domestic trips since he took office, an expense that was lower than what it would have been had the PM used through commercial providers.The trips were largely for electioneering, and India?s election code makes it must for ministers ? including the PM ? to reimburse the government if its machinery is used in such cases. The flights provided by IAF were mostly when the Prime Minister had to fly out to remote locations in helicopters or small planes instead of his usual mode of air transport: the Air India One. The rates for these flights were last revised by the defence ministry in 1999.In all, the IAF provided details of 128 non-official flights taken by the PM from May 2014 till February 2017, when Modi was on a whirlwind tour of election-bound states that included Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal, Maharashtra, Haryana, Jharkhand and Assam, the Right to Information reply provided by the air force to Commodore (retired) Lokesh K Batra said. The disclosures could cause some unease among Bharatiya Janata Party?s rivals, who can claim that the lower rates put the PM?s party at an advantage with respect to election spending.In his application, Batra asked the IAF about the domestic visits by the PM and the mode of payment. He also sought details of the rules under which the PM is allowed to use IAF planes for domestic visits.Quoting the rules, the IAF said no charge will be recovered for use of aircraft by the President, vice-president, the prime minister (except when he/she travels otherwise than on official duty), the ministers of defence and home and senior defence ministry officials for defence purposes. The reply said the rates will be calculated at commercial rates if the destination is linked by a regular commercial air service and, in other cases, with reference to per passenger per kilometres rates notified by the defence ministry. The reply said the rates were last notified in 1999.The PMO paid the air force Rs 31,000 for a Delhi-Gorakhpur-Delhi flight and Rs 7,818 for Mangalore-Kasargod-Mangalore flight, which private chartered airline operators said was lower than the commercial rate. The cost for Delhi-Rohtak-Sonipat-Ambala trip was Rs 1,00,440, and the PMO paid Rs 63,957 for Kolkata-Balasore-Kalaikunda-Balasore-Kalaikunda-Bagdogra-Guwahati flight. Cost of some flights like Calicut-Vikram ground was just Rs 5,693.?It is surprising that the PMO has paid for PM?s non-official visits which were for electioneering. As per election rules, his party (BJP) should have paid the money,? Batra said. BJP sources, however, said that the money is paid to the PMO and is shown in the election expenditure report submitted to the election commission.\r\nA Ukrainian national was arrested for allegedly entering the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi using a fake ticket on Tuesday. The accused, S Podbolotnyy, has claimed he entered the airport terminal on a cancelled ticket to see off his female friend. He has been handed over to the police. \r\nNew Delhi, Jul 26 (PTI) A Ukraine national has been apprehended for entering the Indira Gandhi International airport terminal allegedly using a fake ticket. He was apprehended yesterday around 11 am when the Central Industrial Security Force personnel, deployed for the airports security, found him roaming suspiciously inside the terminal building, a senior official in airport security said today. The man was identified as Ukranie national S Podbolotnyy. He told the CISF personnel that he had come to see off his woman friend, who was travelling to Almaty, the official said. \r\nAn 11-year-old tribal boy allegedly committed suicide on Tuesday by hanging himself near his school, after he was caught stealing ?30 from his classmate in Maharashtra's Mokhada. The boy was reportedly ashamed of his act and had tried to force a classmate to commit suicide with him, but he refused. Police said the boy has a history of criminal activities.\r\nAn 11-year-old tribal hostel student in a government-run ashramshala committed suicide by hanging himself from the iron frame of a scrapped tempo near his school on Tuesday.Police said the boy, a Class 6 student, was ashamed after he was caught stealing Rs30 from his classmate on Monday. The principal had reprimanded him and ordered him to return the stolen cash. The boy skipped school the next day and hanged himself with a nylon rope near a brick kiln.On realising that he was missing, the principal, a few teachers and his classmates went looking for him and discovered his body.The Mokhada police said the boy tried to coerce a classmate to enter into a suicide pact with him. However, he refused, said assistant police inspector Prakash Sonawane.Police sent the body for a postmortem, which confirmed that he died of strangulation. They have registered a case of accidental death and are investigating.The body was handed over to the boy?s parents, who are both farm labourers.?They performed the last rites on Wednesday morning, said the police.The boy has a history of criminal activities, said the police. ?In 2016, he stole a few chicken from a woman, cooked them and ate them in a nearby field. He had also robbed a few women of their bangles,? said an officer.\r\nMumbai police have registered an FIR against an unidentified Mumbai man for allegedly uploading photos of a woman's face morphed onto a nude body to a fake Facebook profile. After the profile was blocked, the man reportedly created another and uploaded the same pictures again. The man had allegedly threatened to take revenge when the woman rejected his advances earlier.\r\nThe police are searching for an unidentified man, who made a fake profile on social networking site Facebook and uploaded photos of a woman?s face morphed onto a nude body to it. After the cyber police blocked this profile on July 21, the man made another and uploaded the same photos, said the police.The 26-year-old woman whose photos were uploaded told the police she knew the accused. She said she had rejected his advances, which angered him. He had threatened to get even with her, she said.The police suspect that the accused has fled the city or even left the state. They registered an FIR under section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the Indian Penal Code and sections 66 C (identity theft), 66 E (violation of privacy) and 67 (punishment for publishing or obscene material in electronic form) of the Information Technology Act.?We are trying to trace the accused,? said the investigating officer. Zonal deputy commissioner of police Akhilesh Kumar said investigations were ongoing.\r\nAn Asian-origin teacher is suing United Airlines for being forced to hold her two-year-old son on her lap during a three-and-a-half-hour flight after paying nearly $1,000 (?65,000) for his seat. United gave the seat to a standby passenger, and reportedly did not apologise until five days later. The airline requires children aged over two to have their own seats.\r\n An Asian-origin teacher has decided to sue United Airlines as she was forced to hold her two- year-old son on her lap after the airlines gave away the toddler?s seat to a standby passenger, according to a media report.Shirley Yamauchi said she hopes her lawsuit will help protect other passengers from this type of treatment.?United said they would change and I want to see that happen. I don?t want anymore passengers possibly in danger,? she said.Her attorney says he is ready for a trial.?United deserves everything we can do to them. We?ll let the people decide what to do to people that are this greedy and put lives potentially in danger,? attorney Michael Green was quoted as saying by the Hawai News Now.Yamauchi, a Kapolei Middle School teacher, held her toddler, Taizo, for the entire three-and-a-half hour flight from Houston to Boston. As children over the age of two years are required to have their own seat, she purchased a ticket for her son, Taizo - paying almost USD 1,000 each ticket.When she brought the problem up to flight attendants, Yamauchi said she was ignored.The airline did not apologise or respond to her until five days later, saying agents inaccurately scanned Taizo?s boarding pass, the report said.?It could have been resolved at that point, yet not a single flight attendant asked why he was on my lap the whole duration of the flight,? Yamauchi said.On her return trip back to Hawaii from a conference in Boston, she said the airline gave her free upgrades and perks, but she felt the gestures were not genuine.?There was a representative waiting for us. We were escorted to their United lounge, but we explained we don?t have a membership with them, yet they asked us to utilise their lounge. The three of us were moved to business class after getting our tickets. He offered to carry my bag for me down to baggage claim. We both received a lei. A flower lei,? she said.When asked for comment about the potential lawsuit, United said, ?We reached out to Ms Yamauchi to apologise to her and her son, and we also refunded their tickets.?The mother?s ordeal during the flight comes following a slew of incidents in which United has been accused by passengers of insensitive behaviour.In April, a passenger named David Dao refused to give up his seat on a United flight and was dragged, battered and bloodied down the plane aisle by police.Navang Oza, an Indian-origin man in the US, claimed that the United Airlines cancelled his flight reservation because he filmed an employee during an altercation.A giant rabbit, who was expected to outgrow his father to become the world?s biggest bunny, also died under the care of United Airlines earlier this year.\r\nJanata Dal (United) leader Nitish Kumar took oath as the Chief Minister of Bihar on Thursday, a day after resigning from the post due to a rift in the Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance. He had submitted a letter of support with 132 members' signatures, asking to form the government with the BJP as an ally. Kumar has two days to prove majority.\r\nLess than a day after resigning as Bihar chief minister, Nitish Kumar took oath on Thursday as the head of the government for the sixth time with Sushil Kumar Modi sworn in as deputy chief minister.Kumar met governor Keshari Nath Tripathi late on Wednesday with NDA leaders and staked claim to form a new government with support of 132 MLAs. He has been asked by the governor to prove his majority in the Assembly within two days of taking oath.Here are the updates:9:39pm: RJD?s Bhai Virender says the party will demand for secret ballot in the assembly. ?Then, we?ll know who won and who lost,? ANI?reported him saying after RJD MLAs meet in Patna8:52 pm:  RJD supporters threw stones on the Saran district magistrate and superintendent of police Aunsuiya Ransingh Sahu during protests against Nitish Kumar. The protestors were shouting slogans in favour of RJD on Jay Prakash Narayan overbridge in the district, PTI reported.An FIR has been registered in this connection.Reports of road blockade and protest march by RJD supporters also poured in from Hajipur and Begusarai among others during the day.8:35 pm: Meanwhile, senior Biju Janata Dal (BJD) leader and Panchayati Raj Minister Pradip Maharathy said the party will not return to the NDA fold, IANS reported.Talk of a possible BJP-BJD alliance gained ground in the wake of BJD president Naveen Patnaik?s recent stand backing the NDA government?s demonetisation move, GST and the latest presidential choice.?Nitish Kumar may have believed in ?Jod-tod Ki Sarkar?, we are not going to have any alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). We are strong enough in Odisha and can counter any party in the ensuing elections,? said Maharathy.8:30 pm:  Two petitions have been filed in the Patna High Court, challenging the formation of the new government, IANS reports. One petition was filed by Jitender Kumar and the second by RJD legislator Saroj Yadav and Chandan Kumar Verma, contended that the mandate in 2015 Bihar assembly polls was given to Grand Alliance of JD-U, RJD and Congress led by Nitish Kumar against the BJP and it was to rule for five years.8:17 pm: Bihar Assembly to meet at 11 am on Friday for the trust vote by Nitish Kumar, PTI reports.8:15 pm:Patna: Lalu Prasad Yadav with family members at his residence. Party MLAs also present pic.twitter.com/ItmPnGgJHd? ANI (@ANI_news) July 27, 20177:45pm:  Dharmendra Pradhan, Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas, says he spoke to Nitish Kumar and Sushil Modi and congratulated them.Petroleum Ministry is fully committed to complete projects worth Rs. 21,476 Crores, covered under 'Bihar Package' announced by Hon'ble PM.? Dharmendra Pradhan (@dpradhanbjp) July 27, 20177:30 pm: JD(U) Maharashtra unit head Kapil Patil has criticised Nitish?s decision to go with the BJP. He says the party will decide future course of action in a meet soon.6:55 pm: The official Rashtriya Janata Dal Twitter account claims Nitish Kumar was threatened by Tejashwi?s popularity.He is new youth icon of Indian politics and flag bearer of social justice politics. #BiharWithTejashwi pic.twitter.com/5hGCpL4fQ1? Rashtriya Janata Dal (@RJDforIndia) July 27, 2017?Tejashwi proved himself on all fronts and that?s what perturbed Nitish and BJP. Tejashwi Yadav?s performance forced BJP and Nitish to come together so they can collectively fight against him. Nitish was envy of his Deputy as Tejashwi was drawing more crowds and acceptance than Nitish,? the party tweeted.6:50 pm: Sitaram Yechury tells ANI, ?Every few years Nitish Kumar takes oath as CM from different alliances. Quite a record. Straightforward political opportunism.?6:25 pm: Samajwadi Party?s Akhilesh Yadav and Azam Khan reacted to the developments in Bihar.Party supremo Akhilesh Yadav struck a musical note, quoting 1965 Bollywood film Jab Jab Phool Khile, to mock Nitish for allying with BJP.?? ?? ????, ????? ??????? ?? ?? ???????? ?? ????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?? ?? ????Bihar Today? Akhilesh Yadav (@yadavakhilesh) July 27, 2017Azam Khan said the Bihar CM?s name should be ?Nitish Tyagi?. ?First, he made sacrifice and came in power. This time also, he sacrificed and again came in power. He is a kind of man who sacrifices a lot. He should be named Nitish Tyagi,? Khan told ANI.6:22pm: After meeting with Sharad Yadav, JD(U)?s Ali Anwar says, ?We, including Sharad ji, had no idea that such a big development would happen overnight. We are surprised.?6: 12 pm: Arun Kumar of JD(U) says, ?Sharad (Yadav) ji is concerned over Nitish Kumar?s decision.In 1-2 days Sharad ji will talk to senior leaders of all national parties.?5:40 pm:  JD(U) MPs Veerendra Kumar and Ali Anwar reach Sharad Yadav?s residence in Delhi, ANI reports.5:20 pm:  Sushil Kumar Modi tweets, ?With the swearing-in of NDA-2 government in Bihar, the state has also been rid of 20 months of a bad phase. We will not step back from prosecuting criminals and the mafia. We will have inclusive growth with the help of collective effort.?He adds, ?After 37 years, with the same alliance in power both in the state and at the Centre, this is a historic moment for Bihar. With mutual cooperation we will give development new life in every sector. This is the beginning of ?acche din? for 11 crore people.?????? ??? NDA-2 ????? ?? ???-????? ?? ??? ????? 20 ????? ?? ????? ??? ?? ????? ??????????-?????? ?? ???? ???????? ???? ?? ???? ???? ??????.? Sushil Kumar Modi (@SushilModi) July 27, 20172/1..???? ??? ???? ???? ????? ????? ?????????? ?? ??? ???????????? ??????? ???? ?? ???? ?? ?????? Sushil Kumar Modi (@SushilModi) July 27, 2017????? ?? ??? ?? ???????? ???? ??, ?? 37 ??? ??? ?????? ?? ????? ??? ?? ?? ?????? ?? ????? ????? ?????? ????? ?? ?? ?? ??????? ??? ????? 2/n? Sushil Kumar Modi (@SushilModi) July 27, 20172/2..?? ?? ?????? ?????? 11 ????? ???? ?? ??? ????? ????? ?? ?????? ???? ???? Sushil Kumar Modi (@SushilModi) July 27, 20175:10 pm:  Meanwhile in Kerala, as the state JD(U) unit voiced disapproval of Nitish Kumar?s move, the CPI-M made another bid to woo the party. State Communist Party of India-Marxist Secretary Kodiyeri Balakrishnan said his party welcomed the ?right reaction? of Rajya Sabha member and Kerala JD(U) chief Veerendra Kumar, who had frowned upon the Bihar developments. ?Now, what the state JD(U) should do is to quit the Congress-led United Democratic Front (in Kerala). Once it is done, the Left Democratic Front (LDF) will discuss taking back JD(U) into its fold,? Balakrishnan told reporters in the Kerala capital.It is the second time within weeks that Balakrishnan has extended an open invite to the state JD(U) to return to the LDF fold.5:00 pm: Senior RJD leader Jagdanand Singh says: RJD is the largest party in the state Assembly. We have majority but were not invited by the Governor to form government. The RJD will not allow the Assembly to function.? 4:50 pm: Lalu Prasad tweets:????? ?????, ????? ??? ??? ???? ???? ????? ???????? ?? ???? ????? ???? ??? ???? ?? ????? ???? ?? ?????? ?? ????-???? ???? ??? ???? ????? Lalu Prasad Yadav (@laluprasadrjd) July 27, 20174:45 pm: RJD MLA Maheshwar Yadav tells ANI that most party MLAs wanted Tejashwi Yadav to resign so that the alliance and the govt could be saved. ?Nitish ji ki aadat hai ki wo apne gathbandhan mein daagi vyakti ko nahi rakhte hain, isiliye gathbandhan toot gaya ( It is Nitish ji?s habit to remove tainted people from the alliance. This is why the mahagathbandhan broke),? he says.?Affection of children and family makes person weak in politics. Nitish Kumar walks alone and with honesty. That is why he is successful,? Yadav adds.4:14 pm:  The developments in Bihar found mention in the Lok Sabha earlier in the day, IANS reported.As the House met and took up Question Hour, Jai Prakash Narayan Yadav of RJD raised the issue of the JD(U)leaving the ?Grand Alliance? and forming a new government with the BJP.Yadav was seen shouting from his seat, calling it a ?murder of democracy?.4:12 pm: The JD(U) unit in Kerala opposed Nitish Kumar for tying up with the BJP and announced it was severing ties with him, IANS reported. The chief of the party?s Kerala unit, MP Veerendra Kumar, a Rajya Sabha member, told reporters in Delhi that he was even ready to quit the Upper House to pursue his fight against ?fascist forces?. ?Whatever the price, we?re ready to pay,? he said. ?We are not accepting the JD(U) joining the NDA and our relations with Nitish Kumar have ended. It?s shocking that Nitish Kumar has joined the NDA. We all thought that he will fight the fascist tendencies but he has now become a part of it.?Veerendra Kumar said he expected JD(U) senior leader Sharad Yadav and its MLAs in Bihar not to accept Nitish Kumar?s decision. ?I call upon Sharad Yadav and JD(U) MLAs to say that we won?t accept it.?3: 30 pm: ED registers money laundering case against  Lalu Prasad and his family members in a railway hotel allotment corruption case: Official2:38 pm: JD(U) hits back at Lalu Yadav?s accusation against Nitish Kumar in a murder case.2:36 pm: Lalu Prasad has a habit of twisting facts: JD(U) leader at press conference.2:33 pm: Lalu Yadav tweets picture of Nitish Kumar?s affidavit filed with his nomination papers. ????? ?? ????? ?????? ?? ???? ????? ?? ????? ??? ????? ???? affidavite ??? ???? ??? ?? ???? ??? ?? ?? ?? ??? ??? ????? pic.twitter.com/MUmOkKgV3q? Lalu Prasad Yadav (@laluprasadrjd) July 27, 20172: 30 pm:  Sharad Yadav, former JD (U) president, calls a meeting of disgruntled party legislators in Patna in the afternoon. Around half of the 71 JD(U) legislators are Muslims and Yadavs.2:20 pm: This, indeed, is a black day for democracy: Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala on Nitish Kumar switching sides.?PM questioned political DNA of Nitish Kumar. it has been proved that DNAs of JDU & BJP are identical, its opportunism,? says Surjewala.2:12 pm: Congress MP Ghulam Nabi Azad says, ?I think it has become Nitish ji?s habit to change parties and stand every few years.?2:05 pm: JDU member Ajay Alok questions Congress claims that his party betrayed them.?Congress says we betrayed them, also says this was going on since 3-4 months. How can it be betrayal if they already knew?? he asks.2:02 pm: Deputy CM Sushil Modi says good days for Bihar will usher in the future, holds Congress and RJD responsible for collapse of grand alliance.1:45 pm: RJD workers protest against Nitish Kumar in Patna.1:44 pm: Nitish Kumar thanks PM Modi for his wishes over Twitter.?There will be no compromise on corruption. I?m confident that with the cooperation of the centre, developement in the state will get a boost,? tweets Nitish.1:39 pm: RJD  MLA Jagadanand Singh says CM & deputy CM must resign, until they don?t, we will not let the Vidhan Sabha to function.1: 10 pm:Reaction of opposition party membersMayawati says whatever is happening doesn?t bode well for democracy. People of the country have to come forward to protect this institution from weakening. Shashi Tharoor tweets, ?If after campaigning against BJP you want to join BJP, spirit of democracy requires you2resign&seek a fresh mandate. This is amoral politics.??This is now the 3rd time that BJP has formed a state government after losing an election. Goa, Manipur&Bihar show our democracy in poor light?1:08 pm: We didn?t push them, they went there on their own: Lalu Yadav?This is all fake news from Delhi ,? says Lalu Yadav when asked if he was approached to break unity in lieu of some incentive.1:04 pm: So what if Nitish has gone to the BJP, we will get Mayawati, Akhilesh, Mamata together: Lalu Yadav on Opposition unity.12: 59 pm: Nitish Kumar government to seek trust vote tomorrow: says Brajesh Mehrotra, principal secretary, Cabinet Coordination Department of  Bihar govt.12:50 pm: Nitish Kumar, the CM of Bihar, my younger brother is accused of murder under sections 147, 148, 149, 302, 307: Lalu Yadav12: 49 pm: Lalu Yadav says considering to appeal in Supreme Court against governor?s decision.UP Assembly passes resolution congratulating Nitish Kumar on becoming Bihar CM again.12:44 pm: Nitish Kumar to prove his majority in a special session of the Bihar Assembly on July 28.12: 35 pm: Some media who we had thought were good, they took supari. See how the US media is fighting Trump, here media fights opposition. Amit Shah is the super editor, he decides how news should be & he tells owners of media, who tells editors, not reporters fault: alleges Lalu Yadav12: 29 pm: This match was fixed. I have not caused any inconvenience for Nitish. On many occasions, Nitish met PM Modi, had lunch. The timing of whatever happened was already fixed: Lalu Yadav12:27 pm: I charge Nitish Kumar that he collided with BJP to conduct the raids by CBI, ED on RJD leaders and to malign them: Lalu Yadav.12:23 pm: If I was greedy I would not have made Nitish Kumar the chief minister. He used to say that I?ll perish but never tie up with BJP: Lalu Yadav.Narendra Modi put up a charade of achhe din and of giving jobs. The BJP is fooling India: Lalu Prasad Yadav12:21 pm:  Nitish Kumar is huge opportunist. The mandate was against BJP, to throw out Modi-Shah out of Bihar: Lalu Yadav12: 17 pm: PM Modi attacks below the belt, had said that there was fault in Nitish Kumar?s DNA. BJP and Nitish Kumar had a divorce. Past 15-20 year, I have been fighting cases in courts. I was sentenced in a hurry. There was a conspiracy between Nitish Kumar and BJP: Lalu Yadav12:15 pm: Will support  Modi government in both houses of Parliament: JD(U) spokesperson K C Tyagi.12:11 pm: The state of Bihar is a very aware; today everyone in very angry :Lalu Prasad Yadav to reports.He says it is regrettable there is no Gandhiji among us to unite this country. Amit Shah & Modi?s khandan of Godse - RSS killed him.11: 51 am: A person can do anything for his greed- there is no limit, no credibility. They do anything for power: Rahul Gandhi on Twitter.11:50 am: ?He (Nitish) had joined hands with us in the anti- communal fight, but Nitish Kumar, for his personal politics, joined hands with those against whom he had fought,? Gandhi says in a seething tweet.11: 45 am: Dalits,OBCs & EBCs intact & consolidated in Bihar tht?s y RSS & BJP hell bent to reimpose past caste based order in society wth help of JDU: tweets Tejashwi.11: 41 am: BJP president Amit Shah congratulates Nitish Kumar and Dy chief minister Sushil Modi for ?unitedly standing against corruption?.11:40 am: Frequent change of stand by Nitish Kumar doesn?t show him in good light: tweets Himachal Pradesh CM Virbhadra Singh.11:23 am: Digvijaya Singh says if JD(U) had problems with Tejashwi, they could have suspended him, called a  RJD-JDU-Cong meeting, there was no need to cheat the grand alliance.11:11 am:?In a series of strongly-worded tweets, Tejashwi Yadav lashes out at Nitish Kumar. ?Vicious greed for power of opportunism will spell it?s own doom. People are not fools that they digest their penchant for wicked power grab, tweets Tejashwi11: 05 am: Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge alleges that BJP tried all tactics to destabilize states where Opposition had government.11: 03 am: Development will be a priority, will take Bihar to greater heights: Sushil Modi after being sworn in as Bihar deputy CM.11: 00 am: After taking oath, Nitish Kumar says his decision is in Bihar?s interest and for its development.11:00 am: Tejashwi tweets saying ally and BJP resorted to ?low level vindictive & opportunistic politics?Vendetta against me exposes their viciousness: Tejashwi.10:55 am:?Scandal- tainted RJD?leader Tejashwi Yadav joins the fray in tweeting, says: ?Entered in govt with clean slate,keen desire of writing a positive story for Bihar ppl, only to find opportunist rival.?Allegations against Tejashwi and Lalu triggered the crisis in Bihar, with CM Nitish Kumar claiming he couldn?t stay in the Grand Alliance because his ?conscience??didn?t allow it. 10:50 am:?Shortly after the swearing-in ceremony, Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulates Nitish Kumar and Dy CM Sushil Modi. ?Looking forward to working together for Bihar?s progress & prosperity,? tweets PM Modi.10:40am:?Nitish Kumar does not care about Indians or the people of Bihar. He only cares about his seat:?ANI?quotes RJD MLA Bhai Birendra10:30am:?We knew about Nitish Kumar planning to join NDA for the past three to four months. This is the problem with Indian politics, people can do anything for their selfishness... Nitish Kumar has cheated us: TV quotes Rahul Gandhi as saying on Nitish Kumar switching sides.  ?Mandate was given to Nitish ji for the anti-communal fight but now he has joined hands with them (BJP)?for his personal politics.?10:07 am: Sushil Kumar Modi takes oath as deputy chief minister for the third time.10:03 am: Nitish Kumar takes oath as chief minister of Bihar.10:02 am: RJD protest march cancelled after section 144 imposed around Raj Bhawan in Patna10:00 am: Governor arrives at Raj Bhawan, ceremony begins.9:51 am: Nitish Kumar reaches Raj Bhawan in Patna.9:49 am: Sushil Modi reaches Raj Bhawan in Patna, set to be sworn in as Bihar deputy chief minister.9:45 am: Will raise the issue in Parliament strongly, will also speak to other parties and protest in front of Gandhi statue:  RJD MP JP Yadav.9: 45 am: JDU MP Sharad Yadav refuses to comment on Bihar political tussle, NDA-JDU tie up.9:37 am: Nitish ji?s step against corruption is a courageous one. BJP wants development and wants to help bring stability in Bihar: JP Nadda in Patna9:33 am: BJP?MLA Nitin Navin says Lalu is anxious, there is going to be revolt within the RJD.9:27 am: Bihar governor invites Nitish Kumar to form government. 9:09 am: Preparations underway at Raj Bhavan for oath-taking ceremony of Nitish Kumar.7:50 am: JD(U) MP Ali Anwar says his conscience doesn?t allow him to support the decision of Nitish Kumar.  He says will voice his opinion in the party if given an opportunity.7: 15 am: RJD supporters block Mahatma Gandhi Setu, connecting north Bihar with Patna, over Nitish Kumar?s resignation and forming government.4:00 am: ?RJD being the single largest party should have been invited to form the government. We are taking legal advice and will move court against the governor?s decision,? Tejashwi tells reporters after the meeting.This whole drama was planned and Tejashwi was just an excuse for him (Kumar) to go with BJP: Tejashwi Yadav2:40 am: Tejashwi Yadav meets Bihar governor Keshri Nath Tripathi in Patna to register protest over Nitish Kumar being invited to form his government ahead of RJD. ?Governor gave us time of 11 a.m. and now suddenly has asked NDA for oath ceremony at 10 a.m. Why so much hurry & rush Mr. Honest & Moral?? Tejashwi Yadav had tweeted.2:37 am: #FLASH Bihar Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi invites Tejashwi Yadav & 5 RJD MLAs for discussion. pic.twitter.com/sicW9oRVqn? ANI (@ANI_news) July 26, 20172:30 am: RJD leaders attempt to storm the Raj Bhawan with Tejashwi Yadav and his brother Tej Pratap and ten other former ministers in the Nitish cabinet. The strong security force deployed in the area wall them back.12.30am: Lalu Prasad says: ?Nitish Kumar has underlined that he is an opportunist. Having done what he has, he cannot stake claim without a challenge. The Congress, CPI-ML and independents will back our claims to form the next government... Struggle is my life. I have to be in Ranchi for the next three days. However, Tejashwi has been asked to present the claim to the governor in the forenoon tomorrow.?12.07am: Taking a letter of support to governor to stake claim for forming government: Prem Kumar, BJP, on Sushil Modi and Nitish Kumar?s meet with governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.(With inputs from agencies)\r\nSingers of the hit song Despacito have slammed Venezuelan President Nicol\xe1s Maduro after his government used a remixed version of the song to encourage Venezuelans to vote for setting up a body to rewrite the Constitution. The singers said they were neither asked nor did they authorise the use or the change in lyrics of the song for political ambitions.\r\nVenezuelan president Nicol\xe1s Maduro?s attempt to use Latin hit Despacito - which means ?slowly? ? to inject some cool into his controversial new congress has backfired quickly. Maduro?s unpopular leftist government on Sunday promoted a remixed version of Despacito to encourage Venezuelans to vote for the Constituent Assembly, which will have powers to rewrite the national charter and supersede other institutions. ?Our call to the Constituent Assembly only seeks to unite the country ... Despacito!? goes the Socialist Party-sanctioned remix of the catchy dance song, which was played during Maduro?s weekly televised show. ?What do you think, eh? Is this video approved?? a grinning and clapping Maduro called out to the crowd, which roared back in approval. But Puerto Rican singers Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee on Monday said they do not approve at all.?At no point was I asked, nor did I authorize, the use or the change in lyrics of Despacito for political ambitions, and much less in the middle of a deplorable situation that Venezuela, a country I love so much, is living,? Fonsi said in a message posted on Twitter. Daddy Yankee, meanwhile, posted a picture of Maduro with a big red cross over it on Instagram. ?That you illegally appropriate a song (Despacito) does not compare with the crimes you commit and have committed in Venezuela. Your dictatorial regime is a joke, not only for my Venezuelan brothers, but for the entire world,? he said. ?With this nefarious marketing plan, you only highlight your fascist ideal.? Millions of Venezuelans have been staging months of protests against Maduro, a former bus driver and union leader narrowly elected to replace the late Hugo Chavez in 2013. Some 100 people have died in the unrest, which has further hammered an imploding economy that is running short of food and medicine. Critics say Maduro is trying to cement a dictatorship by pushing forward with the Constituent Assembly this Sunday. He says it is the only way to bring peace back to the convulsed nation.\r\nThe three Delhi Municipal Corporations have collected fines amounting to ?6.17 crore from nearly 6,400 violators for causing air pollution in the past year, according to government data. Earlier, the  National Green Tribunal had directed the agencies to collect a ?5,000 fine for burning waste in the open and ?5 lakh fine for violating dust control measures at construction sites.\r\nThe civic agencies in the capital have prosecuted nearly 6,400 violators for causing air pollution and recovered a fine of Rs6.17 crores from July 2016 to 2017, revealed the data released by the three Municipal Corporations (MCDs) on Tuesday.In their stringent action against the people who are not adhering to the norms despite repeated warnings, the North MCD issued 1,194 challans to construction sites and 361 challans for burning of leaves, while the South MCD has issued 1,418 and 475 challans, respectively.In east Delhi, the MCD issued 630 challans for burning leaves and 2,303 for prevalent air pollution at construction sites.?The number of challans have increased in the last two months as earlier, the civic agencies were busy in improving the sanitation conditions in their jurisdictions for the last few months. Taking advantage of the lean period, the violations have increased manifold. As a result we again cracked down heavily on violators,? said senior officials from the department of environment management services, EDMC.The National Green Tribunal (NGT) had directed all land owning agencies in Delhi to impose a fine of Rs5,000 on persons found burning waste in the open and Rs5 lakh fine on the owners/builders, who are found violating dust control measures. Apart from this, the civic agencies have also taken action against the people stacking construction material and running illegal industries in the city. ?The North Corporation alone has issued 686 notices and sealed 154 industries operating in various areas. The action has been taken after issuing the advisory to the defaulters,? said a senior official from the North Corporation.The purpose of the drive is to keep the environment pollution free and not challan people unnecessarily, said Praveen Gupta, commissioner, North Corporation.?Before challaning violators, the agency is creating infrastructure facilities for public, simultaneously. Apart from carrying out awareness drives on a large scale, we are placing dustbins, opening parking lots and toilets for public use. Still some people don?t want to co-operate,? said Gupta. The agency has imposed 26,000 sanitation challans in its jurisdiction in the last one year.The South MCD issued 905 challans to people who parked their old vehicles on roadsides for long time. ?These vehicles have been restricting the cleaning of roads and also become nuisance for residents living in neighbourhood,? said an SDMC official.\r\nMumbai motorists reportedly paid ?10.4 crore as fines for traffic violations this year, out of which ?2 crore was paid for parking violations. The penalty for parking-related offences was increased from ?100 to ?200 last year. Until May, nearly 60,000 motorists booked for jumping signals paid over ?1 crore as fine, while bikers caught without helmets were fined ?85 lakh.\r\nMumbai motorists paid Rs10.4 crore as fine for traffic violations in the first five months of 2017. Of the 6.31 lakh cases filed, the most (1.92 lakh) were for not halting at pedestrian crossing, followed by flouting of parking norms (1.16 lakh). Parking norm violators, however, topped the fine collection chart with Rs2 crore till May. Last year, the authorities increased the penalty for parking-related offences to Rs200 from Rs100. ?We have been asked to take strict action against illegal parking to ensure smooth traffic flow on narrow roads,? said an officer from the Mumbai traffic police.A constable from Bandra traffic police said, ?Clearing traffic junctions is not enough. We have to identify the problem. Even while manning the junction, we walk down the road to issue challans for parking in no-parking zones or double parking. This is the only way to ensure smooth traffic flow.?Read: Mumbai traffic police cannot check PUC?or insurance of your vehicleTo make the job easier, the Mumbai traffic police have issued e-challan devices to half its force. The personnel at Worli traffic headquarters scan the live CCTV footage to identify violators across the city. Till May, the traffic police booked 58,654 for jumping signals, collecting Rs1.05 crore. The police deploy constables on bike at junctions where motorists are likely to flout rules. In some cases, according to another constable, the police personnel wait near the junction with their e-challan devices to catch those violating the law.The police filed 7,677 cases of drink driving till May and collected Rs1.53 crore. The department earned Rs95.73 lakh from motorists who didn?t stop at pedestrian crossing.A total of 34,668 bikers were caught riding without a helmet and fined Rs84.29 lakh.Read: Join hands with us to curb violations, says Mumbai traffic police chief\r\nThe Bombay High Court on Monday directed the police to ensure that no minors are "harmed, injured, or permitted to carry or use weapons or sharp objects," during this year's Muharram procession. Shia Muslims participating in Muharram processions hit themselves with sharp objects to mourn the death of Imam Hussain, the grandson of Prophet Muhammad.\r\n The Bombay high court on Monday directed the police to ensure that no minors are ?harmed, injured, or permitted to carry or use weapons or sharp objects,? during this year?s Muharram procession.The court said that while it was not oblivious to religious practices, a ?fine balance? needed to be maintained between such practices and ensuring the safety of all participants.The bench also directed the additional commissioner of police, south region, to ?personally supervise? the procession this September and ensure that the court?s directions are complied with.The court was hearing a suo moto public interest litigation over the participation of children in the mourning procession during Muharram.Shia Muslims, who participate in processions, hit themselves with sharp objects to mourn the death of Imam Hussain, the grandson of Prophet Muhammad.On the previous hearing, the bench had directed the police and state authorities to meet with the representatives of the community.The police said that the leaders of the community had said that this year, no child will be permitted to use or carry weapons during the procession. They had said that while children cannot be barred from participating in the procession, it will be ensured that ?they are not injured or harmed,? that they will ?not be permitted to inflict injuries upon themselves.?HC directed the Shia community to submit an undertaking in court stating this.\r\nUS President Donald Trump used his speech to the 19th National Boy Scouts Jamboree in West Virginia to attack "fake media" for allegedly misquoting crowd size at his events. Trump also urged his audience of 12 to 18-year-olds to boo his presidential rival Hillary Clinton and predecessor Barack Obama. Trump was slammed for using the traditional address for political endorsements. \r\nOn Monday evening, Donald Trump gave a speech to the 19th National Boy Scout Jamboree in West Virginia. Although he came armed with a prepared speech about the merits of scouting ? each US president serves as the group?s honorary president ? and declared at the start that he would not talk about politics, Trump went predictably off-script to talk about some favourite topics. And politics.Boy, you have a lot of people. The press will say it?s about 200 people. It looks like about 45,000 people.Tonight we put aside all of the policy fights in Washington DC that you have been hearing about with the fake news and all of that ? Who the hell wants to talk about politics when I?m in front of the Boy Scouts?Today I said we oughta change it from the word swamp to the word cesspool or perhaps to the word sewer, but it?s not good.The scouts believe in putting America first.The vice-president of the United States, Mike Pence ? good guy ? was a scout and it meant so much to him. Some of you here tonight might even have camped out in this yard when Mike was the governor of Indiana, but the scouting was very, very important. And by the way, where are our Indiana scouts tonight? I wonder if the television cameras will follow you; they don?t like doing that when they see these massive crowds. They don?t like doing that. Hi folks. A lot of love in this big, beautiful place. A lot of love and a lot of love for our country. There?s a lot of love for our country.By the way, what do you think the chances are that this incredible, massive crowd, record-setting, is going to be shown on television tonight? One per cent or zero? The fake media will say: President Trump ? and you know what this is ? President Trump spoke before a small crowd of Boy Scouts today. That?s some ? that is some crowd. Fake media. Fake news. Thank you.Secretary Tom Price is also here ? And hopefully he?s going to get the votes tomorrow to start our path toward killing this thing known as Obamacare that?s really hurting us, folks.By the way, are you going to get the votes? He better get them. He better get them. Oh, he better ? otherwise I?ll say, Tom, you?re fired. I?ll get somebody. He better get Senator Capito [Republican West Virginia senator Shelley Moore Capito] to vote for it. You got to get the other senators to vote for it. It?s time. After seven years of saying repeal and replace Obamacare, we have a chance to now do it. They better do it.By the way, just a question, did President Obama ever come to a jamboree? And we?ll be back. We?ll be back. The answer is no, but we?ll be back.I have to tell you our economy is doing great. Our stock market has picked up since the election November 8. Do we remember that date? Was that a beautiful date? What a date. Do you remember that famous night on television, November 8, where they said ? these dishonest people ? where they said there is no path to victory for Donald Trump? ? But do you remember that incredible night with the maps and the Republicans are red and the Democrats are blue, and that map was so red, it was unbelievable and they didn?t know what to say? And you know we have a tremendous disadvantage in the electoral college ? popular vote is much easier.So I have to tell you, what we did, in all fairness, is an unbelievable tribute to you and all of the other millions and millions of people that came out and voted for Make America Great Again.And by the way, under the Trump administration, you?ll be saying Merry Christmas again when you go shopping. Believe me. Merry Christmas. They?ve been downplaying that little beautiful phrase. You?re going to be saying Merry Christmas again, folks.I?ll tell you a story that?s very interesting for me when I was young. There was a man named William Levitt, Levitttowns, you have some here, you have some in different states ? And he was a very successful man. He was a homebuilder, became an unbelievable success, and got more and more successful ?And he sold his company for a tremendous amount of money. At the time especially, this was a long time ago, sold his company for a tremendous amount of money. And he went out and bought a big yacht and he had a very interesting life. I won?t go any more than that because you?re Boy Scouts, I?m not going to tell you what he did ? should I tell you? Should I tell you? Oh, you?re Boy Scouts, but you know life, you know life. So, look at you, who would think this is the Boy Scouts, right?So he had a very interesting life, and the company that bought his company was a big conglomerate. And they didn?t know anything about building homes, and they didn?t know anything about picking up the nails and the sawdust and selling it, and the scraps of wood ? So they called William Levitt up and they said, would you like to buy back your company and he said yes, I would. He so badly wanted it, he got bored with this life of yachts and sailing and all of the things he did in the south of France and other places ? But what happened is he bought back his company and he bought back a lot of empty land ? and in the end he failed and he failed badly. Lost all of his money. He went personally bankrupt, and he was now much older.And I saw him at a cocktail party and it was very sad. Because the hottest people in New York were at this party. It was the party of Steve Ross. Steve Ross, he was one of the great people. He came up and discovered ? really founded ? Time Warner, and he was a great guy. He had a lot of successful people at the party. And I was doing well so I got invited to the party.[This is a much abbreviated version: you can read the full Levitt reminiscence here and here.]\r\nIsrael has removed metal detectors from the entrance of Jerusalem's al-Aqsa mosque following days of violent protests over the installation. The move is aimed at ending the crisis which claimed seven lives, Israeli officials said. The Palestinians reportedly see the installation of metal detectors as an Israeli attempt to assert control over the holy site.\r\nIsrael is removing metal detectors from entrances to the compound that houses al-Aqsa mosque.The move was announced late on Monday night by the office of the Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, and is designed to end a crisis over the holy site. Days of violent confrontations have claimed seven lives.Despite the Israeli announcement, however, a senior Muslim cleric in Jerusalem said worshippers should stay away from the shrine pending a review of the new Israeli security arrangements there.Ikrema Sabri, the head of the Supreme Islamic Committee in the city, said such a review may be completed later on Tuesday. Sabri said: ?Our position is that for now, nobody should enter? the shrine.The removal of the detectors on Tuesday appeared to be part of a deal under which Israeli diplomats were repatriated from Jordan, including an embassy security guard who was involved in a fatal shooting of two Jordanians on Sunday night.The brief statement said the Israeli security cabinet, which met on Monday evening, had ?accepted the recommendation of all of the security bodies to incorporate security measures based on advanced technologies (?smart checks?) and other measures instead of metal detectors in order to ensure the security of visitors and worshippers in the Old City and on the Temple Mount?.The statement added that under the plan Israeli police would ?reinforce? their presence around the holy site. It did not say when the metal detectors would be removed or what would replace them. Israeli media earlier reported that high-resolution cameras capable of detecting hidden objects would be the alternative.Earlier on Monday the UN?s Middle East envoy warned of the dangers of allowing the crisis to continue. ?It is extremely important that a solution to the current crisis be found by Friday this week,? Nickolay Mladenov said after briefing the UN security council. ?The dangers on the ground will escalate if we go through another cycle of Friday prayer without a resolution.? He said events in east Jerusalem were not ?localised? but ?affect millions if not billions of people around the world?.Even before the Israeli decision to remove the devices, it was unclear whether such a move would be sufficient to end the violence. Muslim religious officials ? who allege Israel is trying to expand its control at the site ? said they would accept only a return to the arrangements for access to the compound that had been in place before an incident on 14 Julywhen two Israeli policemen were shot by three Israeli Arab gunmen who had smuggled weapons on to the site.?This movement is a movement of the street,? said Sheikh Raed Dana of the waqf, the Islamic endowments organisation that administers the mosque compound, commenting on whether he believed worshippers should end protests and return to the shrine. ?We as the waqf listen to the street. The street says yes and we say yes; if the street says no to the measures, we will say no.?There has been increasing criticism of the way the metal detectors were installed, without consultation with the waqf and reportedly over the objections of senior Israeli security officials who had warned of the risk of bloodshed.On Monday night Israeli diplomats were evacuated from the embassy in the Jordanian capital, Amman, after Sunday?s shooting of two Jordanians by a security guard.The diplomats, including Israel?s ambassador to Jordan, Einat Schlain, crossed the Allenby bridge border in a convoy, arriving back in Israel at around 11pm. Among those repatriated were the security guard whom Jordan had originally said it wanted to retain for questioning over the incident.A Jordanian news site linked to the kingdom?s military said investigators had determined that the altercation at the embassy compound was not politically motivated and that one of the Jordanians, a 17-year-old, had attacked the guard with a screwdriver in a dispute about a furniture delivery.Under an agreement negotiated by the head of Israel?s domestic security service, who had been sent to Amman to negotiate, Israel agreed that Jordanian police could hear the guard?s description of the incident in the presence of Israeli diplomats.Netanyahu?s office said the return of the diplomats had been made possible ?thanks to close cooperation which was held in the past day between Israel and Jordan?.\r\nThe Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) officials claimed that they fixed 685 potholes in Mumbai so far this month. The MMRDA said that it filled 423 potholes on the 26.5-km Western Express Highway and 212 potholes on the 23.5-km Eastern Express Highway. However, residents complained about the use of the outdated technology and faulty methods to fix the potholes.  \r\nThe heavy rains that lashed Mumbai last week caused numerous potholes across the island city and the suburbs, which led to hellish commutes for lakhs of Mumbaiites. Officials from the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), which is in charge of maintaining both the city?s highways, claimed they were filling in craters during the dry spell.The MMRDA said it fixed 353 potholes on the Western Express Highway, which were reported between July 1 and July 10, last week. In the next two days, 70 more potholes found on the highway were filled. Between July 1 and July 18, 212 potholes were filled on Eastern Express Highway, an official said.Dilip Kawathkar, joint project director, MMRDA, said, ?Since then there have been around 50 potholes found on the main carriageway of both the roads. Since there is a dry spell now, we are filling the potholes regularly.??In the past five to six days there have been many potholes found on the two express highways. We are consolidating figures from contractors and also seeing to it that they are filled in,? said an engineer, who did not wish to be named. While officials claim that they have been fixing potholes regularly, questions are being raised about the outdated technology and faulty methods being used. Many residents and activists complained that instead of cold-mix technology, MMDRA was using paver blocks to fix potholes. They also said MMRDA?s response times were slow.?Cold mix is used to fill potholes, but as soon as it rains heavily the mix washes away. At certain places we have used paver blocks. Though it is not a standard practice, in our experience it lasts longer,? the engineer said. The MMRDA has appointed two contractors to maintain the 23.5-km Eastern Express Highway and, four contractors to maintain the 26.5-km Western Express Highway during the monsoon.Meanwhile, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to not even count the number of potholes on the roads it is supposed to maintain or reveal the number of complaints it has received. Officials only said that they had attended to ?90%? of complaints.\r\nThe Noida authority has reportedly decided to conduct population density surveys in residential and industrial areas in order to gauge whether it can approve new projects without burdening existing infrastructure. A committee reportedly comprising of officials from the authority's planning, housing, and traffic departments will conduct the surveys and submit its report within a month. \r\nThe Noida authority has decided to conduct a survey of the population in residential and industrial areas to assess if it can allow new projects or additional floor area ratio in existing ones without burdening the existing infrastructure.If the survey report will recommend that no more housing growth be allowed, the authority may stop approving additional housing units that are to come up in existing projects. The authority may also stop approving new housing projects if the survey recommends it, officials said.The authority?s chief executive officer (CEO) Amit Mohan Prasad has constituted a committee to conduct the survey and submit a report within a month. The committee comprises officials from the planning, housing and traffic departments of the authority, which have a mandate to approve housing and infrastructure projects.The committee also has members from the transport and the Uttar Pradesh pollution control board (UPPCB), the state-level pollution watchdog.?The committee has the important task of surveying growth in residential, industrial and other areas. The committee will find out the exact population in group housing towers and plotted areas or a scale of industrial units. We have kept UPPCB in the loop so that we can identify the impact on the population on the environment,? Atal Kumar Rai, an additional chief executive officer of the Noida authority, said.The industrial city of Noida, as per the NCR Planning Board?s approved regional plan, is earmarked for housing a population of 12 lakh by 2021 and the authority has the mandate to provide civic amenities, infrastructure and housing facilities for only 12 lakh people. However, as per Noida?s Master Plan-2031, the city already had a population in excess of 10 lakh in 2010.?The Noida authority has already developed infrastructure, built housing projects and allotted land to builders to provide habitation for 25 lakh population by 2031,? an architect and urban planner with the Noida authority said.There are many builders who still want to purchase additional floor area ratio (FAR) in their existing under-construction buildings, to build additional floors and flats to accommodate more people. The authority has decided to conduct a survey before allowing the purchase of additional FAR, to assess if an increase in population will overburden existing infrastructure and civic amenities.As of now, five builders have submitted proposals for purchasing additional FAR. ?We are yet to take a decision on these proposals. We will not decide on these proposals before survey report is assessed,? said Rai. Traffic snarls on all arterial roads in sectors 18, 38A, 50, 49, 41, 63 and 62, among others, particularly during peak hours, has become a problem for commuters.?Noida is bursting at the seams because, as per the NCRPB?s 1985 Act, it was supposed to be a low-density town. But pressure from politicians and bureaucrats has led to a violation of urban norms and increased population density, which is burdening the existing infrastructure,? said Ranvir Singh, a retired Navy officer, who is contesting a case on NCRPB violations in the Allahabad high court.\r\nResidents of Gurugram's Fresco Apartments spent ?1.5 lakh of their money to fix potholes on the road leading to the residential complex after the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram allegedly refused to fix them. The apartments' resident welfare society reportedly conducted a survey where 70% of the residents opted for voluntarily contributing ?1,000 to fix the road.\r\n  Tired of waiting for the authorities to take up repairs of their damaged road,  residents of the upscale Fresco apartments in Sector 50 took the onus on themselves instead. Upset over the civic body allegedly dragging its feet in the matter, residents pooled money and got a fresh layer of concrete laid on the road.They used cold mix technology to fill the potholes, which is five times cheaper than the concrete material generally used in road repairs. Residents said the monsoon would have made entry to their residential complex an arduous affair if they had not taken this step.Cold mix asphalt is a combination of mineral aggregate and emulsified or cutback asphalt with additives.The residential society is located inside Nirvana Country and the 140-metre stretch connecting the society to the main road, was badly damaged and riddled with potholes.After the MCG allegedly refused to re-lay the road despite repeated requests, residents decided to collect money and run repairs on the stretch. The move, they said, was critical to saving their vehicles from getting damaged.?We conducted a survey among our residents using technology and the social media. We used Google forums asking residents to choose between three options ? wait for the MCG to repair the road, contribute money and repair the road or put pressure on the builder and ask them to repair the road,? Nilesh Tandon, president, RWA, Fresco apartments, said.As many as 70% of residents opted for contributing money and building the road.Based on the survey response, the RWA members did a research on the material required to lay new road and fill  the potholes. Since monsoon was approaching, using bitumen was not the solution as unless there is a proper drainage system, water accumulates on the road and the bitumen gets washed away.?We found that in the Western countries cold mix technology is used to fill potholes and this technology has also  used in the Northeast and south India. We got in touch with some organsations in Bangalore and Hyderabad who had been using this technology and took their advice. A lot of data was available on the internet and we learnt about the advantages of using cold mix,? Tandon said.Read I 7-year wait ends, Fresco apartments in?Gurgaon to get canal water connectionResidents got tenders of ?15 lakh to lay the new road, but by adopting cold mix technology they could fix the potholes by spending ?1.5 lakh, saving 90% of the money.The RWA sought a voluntary contribution of ?1,000 and spread the word using WhatsApp groups. Many residents paid more than ?1,000. In less than a week, they collected the required money and got the work started.One bag containing 25 kg of Cold mix costs approximately?350 and 400 bags were used to fix potholes on the entire stretch of road from T-point to the Fresco entrance.?Few of our senior citizens stood and supervised the (road laying) work,? Supriyo Dasgupta, secretary, Fresco RWA, said.MCG?s joint commissioner (IV) Gaurav Antil said, ?The area is still with Unitech developer, as it has yet to hand over the colony to the MCG. Hence, there is no liability on us.? \r\nThe Culture Ministry has allocated ?4.22 crore for the restoration and revival of Delhi's Walled City Museum. The museum, which was inaugurated in 2004, has been locked for almost a decade due to negligence. The project, initiated by Union Sports Minister Vijay Goel, aims to develop the museum as a "one-stop destination" for studying the culture of the Walled City.\r\nThe Walled City museum, located in an 88-year-old haveli at Lahori Gate - Khari Baoli Chowk, which had been lying in a neglected state, will now be revived with the union culture ministry agreeing to allocate Rs 4.22 crore for the same. Inaugurated 13 years ago, the facility had fallen prey to negligence of the civic body, thus losing sheen soon after its opening. The two-storeyed haveli has been lying locked for almost a decade. The number of visitors dwindled over the years and encroachers returned to the site. In want of adequate maintenance, the about 1,000-yard structure has turned into a dump. Union youth affairs and sport minister Vijay Goel, who initiated the project during his second term as a Member of Parliament from Chandni Chowk around 2004, had sent a proposal to the culture ministry seeking funds for the restoration of the facility as ?a heritage museum and interpretation of Shahjahanabad?. The proposal was prepared by the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH). After examining the scheme, the ministry gave its approval in March, but the work could not be initiated as the fund was not transferred. ?The first instalment, a grant of Rs 1.69 crore, has just been released to the North Delhi Municipal Corporation, which is the nodal agency for executing the restoration project. I expect the work to begin soon,? said Goel.However, the minister added that he wanted a non-government agency to take up the project. ?I don?t trust the municipal corporation. I want other agencies like INTACH or similar bodies to be roped in for the purpose. The project is getting delayed because of the corporation?s lackadaisical attitude,? he said. As per the revival plan, artifacts, articles, rare photos and paintings depicting the culture and lifestyle of early residents of Shahjahanabad (during Mughal period) is slated to be exhibited. A library with a space for research scholars is part of the plan. This will be a one-stop destination, where a visitor will be able to study the composite culture of the Walled City under one roof, said Goel.?Articles like utensils, garments and other exhibits such as hookah will be displayed. Literature pertaining to the city and the history of the place since its inception will also be provided, so that people coming to the museum can learn about it. We will also brief tourists about places to see in old Delhi and what to eat where. We basically aim to recreate the scene of yesteryears,? the minister said. Once it is restored, cultural events are also likely to be hosted here. The haveli was constructed in 1929. Until it was turned into a museum, a municipal dispensary was being run in its two of its rooms and the remaining part was abandoned. Goel contributed funds from his Member of Parliament Local Area Development (MPLAD) fund to restore the building as the Walled City museum.\r\nFarmer leaders of Jewar have said they will start campaigning to convince other farmers to not give their land for the proposed Noida International Airport. Demanding a higher price for their land, the farmers have threatened protests against the government. Reportedly, authorities have been directly purchasing land from farmers, instead of acquiring it through the Land Acquisition Act. \r\nUnhappy with the compensation being offered, farmer leaders of Greater Noida have decided to start a campaign in Jewar?s villages asking other farmers not to give their land for the proposed airport project.Their opposition may impact the airport project for which the state government needs 5,000 hectares in around 40 villages along the Yamuna Expressway. The Yamuna Expressway industrial development authority (YEIDA) is likely to begin land acquisition as the Centre has given its nod for the project.?We will not let the land acquisition take place for the airport project because the state government is cheating farmers by giving them only Rs3,500 per square metre (psm) for land. We are likely to start a campaign telling all villagers along the expressway not to give their land for the project until the UP government gives better compensation,? said Ajaypal Sharma, district president, Bharatiya Kisan Union.The Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities are buying land from farmers through direct purchase for Rs3,000 to Rs5,000 psm. Direct purchase means that if a farmer is willing to sell land, the authority will buy it instead of acquiring it through the Land Acquisition Act, 2013.?We don?t acquire land through the act because it takes a long time to make land available. Procuring it through direct purchase is quicker and easier,? said a YEIDA official.Farmers said that if the government tries to forcefully acquires the land, they will hold an agitation.?If the UP government does not increase land compensation, we will agitate. What we can do if it wants to repeat the Bhatta Parsaul agitation? We will educate farmers who give up land for the airport project and start a big protest soon as all farmer unions are together on this issue,? said Sunil Fauji, a farmer leader.?The state government gave Rs17,000 psm for land in Ghaziabad. Why is it taking our land for Rs3,000 psm. We will have to protest for our rights,? said Mukesh Bhati, a Jewar resident.However, district magistrate BN Singh, said, ?We will talk to farmers and address their concerns. The government will have to acquire land for crucial projects.??We will acquire land for the airport project by implementing the urgency clause of the Land Acquisition Act, 2013. Farmers are happy to give their land for the project and we hope there will be no problem,? said Abhay Singh, the YEIDA-appointed for land acquisition for the project.\r\nJharkhand Police on Monday arrested a 25-year-old man for allegedly abusing Prime Minister Narendra Modi and cows in a WhatsApp video. "The content in the video was explicitly provocative. Any person found spreading communally sensitive content in social media will not be spared," police officials said. Eleven such people have been jailed in Hazaribag district alone this year, they added. \r\nPolice in Jharkhand?s Hazaribag arrested a 25-year-old Muslim man late Monday night for allegedly abusing Prime Minister Narendra Modi and cows in a video that recently went viral on WhatsApp, Hazaribag superintendent of police Anup Birthare said on Tuesday.Later Tuesday, a judicial magistrate remanded Mohammad Arif to 14 days of police custody. This is the second incidence in a month when a Muslim man has been sent to jail for speaking explicitly against Modi in BJP-ruled Jharkhand. On June 23, the Sahibganj police arrested 20-year-old Sameer Ansari for allegedly raising anti-Modi and anti-India slogans in a video which was largely shared on social media.Arif, who was arrested from Keredari block in Hazaribag, about 95 kilometers from the state capital Ranchi, is a motorcycle mechanic, police said.?The content in the video was explicitly provocative. Any person found spreading communally sensitive content in social media will not be spared,? Birthare said.In the video, Arif had allegedly disrespected cows and also threatened to slaughter cows openly, police sources said. He had shot the video and was also the first person to share it on WhatsApp, they said.He added that at least 11 such people, including Hindus and Muslims, have been jailed in Hazaribag alone this year for fanning communal hatred on social media.The government has prohibited sharing communally sensitive content of social media across all the 24 districts of the state.Read more: Jharkhand: Tension simmers in Giridh after temple desecration; cops detain sixEarlier this month, the Hazaribag administration had issued externment orders against 20 people for spreading communal hatred.At least five incidents of communal clashes have rocked Jharkhand in the past one month.On July 14, a Shiva temple was vandalized in Hazaribag by a deranged Muslim man, resulting in communal clashes. Giridih district witnessed communal clashes after a Muslim man allegedly vandalized a Durga idol at a village temple on July 18.On June 29, a Muslim trader Alimuddin Ansari was lynched to death for carrying beef. A Muslim man was thrashed on June 27 by cow vigilantes after the carcass of a cow was found near his residence in Giridih.Communal flare ups were also reported from capital Ranchi and Jamshedpur.\r\nShiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has criticised the BJP-led Centre for not taking action against Karnataka government's "offensive" demand for a separate flag. He said it was part of BJP's plan to win the upcoming Karnataka assembly elections. The state government should also be slapped with sedition charges over the demand, he added.\r\nFor the first time after Shiv Sena almost lost its grip on its bastion of Mumbai in the civic polls earlier this year, party chief Uddhav Thackeray accepted that they didn?t fare as well as they expected.In the concluding part of this three-part interview in Sena?s mouthpiece Saamana, Thackeray said like everyone else even he believed that the Shiv Sena would win more than 100 of the 227 seats. He also blamed non-Marathi Hindus for the party?s low tally and said they rallied behind the BJP. After a bitter battle with the BJP, the Shiv Sena won 84 seats in the country?s richest municipal corporation and the BJP got 82. This was the first time in 25 years that any party had come so close to the Shiv Sena?s tally in Mumbai. In a discussion with Sena MP and executive editor of Saamana, Sanjay Raut, he said, ?In Mumbai?s case, the Marathi-speaking voters definitely stayed with the Shiv Sena. My party is really grateful to them.?He added, ?I just really feel bad about one thing. In 1992-93 riots in Mumbai did not spread as per civic wards. Wherever there was unrest, being Hindu the Shiv Sainiks saved every one by putting their lives at stake. I don?t think it is right to vote out those who have helped you in times of crisis.?Thackeray said several Shiv Sainiks are still battling criminal cases because they rushed to protect the Hindus of Mumbai and in return none of those expressed any gratitude to Shiv Sainiks. ?We don?t expect them to say thank you, but they should have remembered that it was Sena that saved them. Even today, I saved Mumbai?s octroi revenue from being washed out by the Goods and Services Tax. I didn?t do that only for the Marathi population in the city. I did it for the entire city,? Thackeray said.The Sena chief also hinted that mid-term polls in Maharashtra are unlikely despite increasingly choppy relations between the ruling parties. ?I don?t pay attention to empty threats from all over. BJP president Amit Shah visited Matoshree and clearly told me there won?t be any mid-term polls,? he said. Thackeray also criticised the Modi government, which Sena is a part of, for not taking a strict view of the Karnataka government?s ?offensive? demand for a separate flag. He also called for sedition charges to be slapped on the state. ?Unfortunately, I am the only one speaking out here. No one in other states or in the country is bothered. If I were to say the same thing about Maharashtra, people would have criticised us from all over.?\r\nTop Communist Party of China politician Sun Zhengcai, who was considered a potential successor to President Xi Jinping, is reportedly being investigated for corruption by his party. The probe against Zhengcai, who was recently ejected from his role as Party's Secretary for Chongqing city, eliminates him from the contest to become China's next President.\r\nHe studied agriculture in rural England and was tipped by some as China?s future leader.But on Tuesday morning Sun Zhengcai?s political obituary was splashed across the front page of the Communist party?s official mouthpiece in a damning editorial entitled: ?Rule strictly over the party with iron discipline.??The investigation into comrade Sun Zhengcai sounds the alarm bell for the party,? the People?s Daily article warned, as it announced that the youngest member of China?s political elite had been ejected from power for a ?serious violation of discipline?.?Top cadres must hold firm political positions, temper their political characters ? and act in a manner consistent with the party?s central committee with [president] Xi Jinping as its core,? the broadsheet declared. Just a few weeks ago, Sun, a 53-year-old former agriculture minister who studied farming at Hertfordshire?s Rothamstad research centre in the 1990s, was the high-flying party chief of one of the world?s fastest-growing cities, the sweltering Yangtze port of Chongqing.Many believed he was being groomed for greatness and would use that job ? handed to him in late 2012 after the sensational downfall of flamboyant party leader Bo Xilai ? as a springboard from which to leap into one of seven highly-coveted spots on China?s top ruling body, the politburo standing committee. Places on that elite council will be up for grabs later this year when Chinese leaders flock to Beijing for their quinquennial enclave, the 19th Communist party congress.Such a promotion would likely have put Sun ? part of the so-called sixth generation of post-revolution leaders ? in line to succeed either Xi or premier Li Keqiang at the next party congress in 2022.But Xi?s unforeseen decision to purge Sun has shredded not only those expectations but also the playbook governing how one-party China conducts political leadership successions. In doing so, some experts fear Xi may also have set in motion a new phase of political turbulence in the world?s number two economy.?A smooth leadership transition is really crucial to the survival of Chinese Communist party rule in China and this really throws a monkey wrench into the machine,? said Susan Shirk, a US expert in elite Chinese politics who was deputy assistant secretary of state under Bill Clinton.Shirk said that for almost two decades China?s rulers had abided by an unofficial succession system designed to prevent both cut-throat and destabilising internecine power struggles and the rise of strongman dictators who could cling to power until they died or were violently overthrown.According to those unwritten rules, presumptive heirs to the Communist party?s top two jobs, general secretary and premier, should be informally anointed five years ahead of a full leadership transition, as had happened with Xi and Li in 2007. Some had seen Sun as one of those two likely heirs ? the other was Guangdong party chief Hu Chunhua, who remains in power ? and the decision to bring him down now brought ?intense uncertainty about how the game will be played in the future?, Shirk said. ?I think that has got to make the people at the top ranks of the Chinese communist party very uneasy about the risks that presents.?As with much about Chinese politics, the exact nature of Sun?s alleged crimes remains murky, as does the political rationale behind his defenestration.The first hint of his undoing came when one of Xi?s feared corruption-busting teams descended on Chongqing late last year. In its subsequent report the group accused his administration of failing to eliminate the poisonous and pernicious ?ideological legacy? of Bo Xilai, a bitter Xi rival, who had been ousted five years earlier after the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood sparked China?s biggest political scandal in decades. Then, in mid-July, came the unexpected and unexplained announcement that Sun had been replaced by a Xi loyalist who vowed to purify the city?s ?political ecosystem?. Sun is rumoured to have been taken into custody while attending a conference in Beijing.Cheng Li, the director of the Brookings Institute?s China Center, said it was unclear if Sun was facing accusations of corruption or political offences such as conspiring against Xi: ?It could be either ? or both.?Many believe Xi, who some suspect hopes to stay in power beyond 2022, viewed Sun as a power-hungry competitor who had to be eliminated. Li, an authority on the Communist party?s elite, said that even before the purge: ?I have talked to many people who know Sun [and they said] ? ?That guy has a very strong personal ambition; you simply cannot believe what he says and what he promises?.?In Chinese, you use the term ?y\xf3u? [slippery or cunning].?Bill Bishop, the publisher of the influential Sinocism newsletter, said Sun?s demise was further proof that Xi ? who took power in 2012 and has been called China?s most dominant leader since Mao ? was a masterful and steely political strategist.As he sought to cement his status as China?s omnipotent ?Chairman of Everything?, Xi was using anti-corruption investigators to pick off rivals, who were replaced with supporters. Sun?s successor in Chongqing, Chen Min?er, who worked under Xi during his five years as Zhejiang province?s party boss, now appears poised to claim a seat at the party?s top table at this autumn?s congress.?Xi certainly looks like he would make Machiavelli ? and Mao ? quite proud,? Bishop said.Shirk, the chair of the 21st Century China Centre at the University of California, San Diego, said she saw Sun?s downfall not as as sign of Xi?s strength, but of the fragility of China?s political system. ?If [Xi] upturns the smooth succession now, I think he?s setting himself up for trouble, for some pushback from the rest of the party elite.?If they feel they are being put at risk and the whole party is being put at risk by a leader who is trying to claim too much of the power and privilege for himself, then I think there is a risk.?I?m not saying it is necessarily an elite coup or something like that, but it could be.?For Sun Zhengcai, there is little doubt what now lies ahead.?He?ll end up in jail,? said Li.Additional reporting by Wang Zhen\r\nTweets by US President Donald Trump show that he is a creative and competitive person who has neurotic tendencies, a study has found. Trump is a distinct type of person who shows strong features of typical successful entrepreneurs, the study added. He has tweeted 35,000 times since joining the platform in 2009 and is the second-most followed politician on Twitter. \r\nThe Twitter messages of US President Donald Trump show that he is creative, competitive and a rule-breaker, but also has neurotic tendencies, a study has found.Since joining the social media platform Twitter in 2009 to May 2017, Trump has issued more than 35,000 messages.This amounts to about twelve tweets a day. With 30 million followers, he is the second most followed politician on Twitter after his predecessor, Barack Obama, who on average tweeted about four times a day.The researchers, Martin Obschonka from Queensland University of Technology in Australia, and Christian Fisch from Trier University in Germany analysed how aspects of Trump?s personality are revealed in the language he used in 3,200 tweets issued by October 2016, before he became president.They used established software for assessment of language and text for psychological purposes.Trump?s language use and online personality were also compared with that of 105 other famous business managers and entrepreneurs including Apple?s Tim Cook and Tesla?s Elon Musk who are not on the political stage.Their results indicate that Trump is indeed a distinct type of person who shows strong features of a so-called Schumpeterian personality that is said to be typical of successful entrepreneurs.This personality was described by Joseph Schumpeter in the 1930s as being very creative, change-orientated, competitive and rule-breaking.The analysis further indicates that Trump has neurotic tendencies, and experiences underlying low well-being.?These traits are rather untypical for entrepreneurs since working as an entrepreneur may not only require emotional stability and optimism but also be able to increase happiness due to procedural utility,? said Obschonka.He added that neuroticism isn?t necessarily all bad, for it can also stimulate competitiveness.?Maybe this high neuroticism is a major motivator to succeed in Trump?s entrepreneurial projects in his business life, but also in his role as political leader,? said Fisch.?If social distinction is a core principle of the entrepreneurial personality, then we clearly see this principle reflected in his unusual personality profile,? said Fisch.?Many experts agree that really successful entrepreneurs not only dare to be different - they are different,? he said.The researchers speculate that having entrepreneurial personality traits could be advantageous in leading and governing an entrepreneurial society as a top-down process.However, they stress that leading a company is very different from leading a country and it is unclear whether political leaders with an extremely entrepreneurial personality can indeed act strictly entrepreneurially in their highly responsible role.The study was published in the journal Small Business Economics. \r\nDozens of teen pregnancy prevention programs deemed ineffective by US President Donald Trump's administration will lose over $200 million in funding following a surprise decision to end five-year grants after only three years. US government officials said only four of 37 programs studied showed lasting positive impacts. Critics urged the government "not to turn back the clock" on progress.\r\nDozens of teen pregnancy prevention programs deemed ineffective by President Donald Trump?s administration will lose more than $200 million in funding following a surprise decision to end five-year grants after only three years.The administration?s assessment is in sharp contrast with that of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, which credited the program with contributing to an all-time low rate of teen pregnancies.Rachel Fey of the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy said Tuesday that grantees under the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program were given no explanation when notified this month their awards will end next June. The program, begun under President Barack Obama?s administration, receives about $100 million a year.?We know so little about the rationale behind cutting short these grants,? said Fey, who said the teen birth rate has fallen by about 40 percent nationally since the program went into effect in 2010. The focus of the program is on evidence-based interventions aimed at preventing teen pregnancy. It does not pay for or provide contraceptives.A Health and Human Services spokesman said late Tuesday that an evaluation of the first round of grants released last fall found only four of 37 programs studied showed lasting positive impacts. Most of the other programs had no effect or were harmful, the department said, including three that it said increased the likelihood that teens would have unprotected sex and become pregnant.?Given the very weak evidence of positive impact of these programs, the Trump administration, in its ... 2018 budget proposal, did not recommend continued funding for the TPP program,? the department statement said.The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists urged the administration ?not to turn back the clock? on progress.?It?s as though the evidence and the facts don?t matter,? ACOG President Dr. Haywood Brown said.The North Texas Alliance to Reduce Unintended Pregnancy in Teens, one of more than 80 current grantees around the country, will lose just under $1 million a year, about three-quarters of its budget, Executive Director Terry Goltz Greenberg said. The program worked with more than 1,700 kids last year in high-poverty neighborhoods where the teen birth rates are three to five times the national average, she said.?Most of the evidence-based programs are not just talking about contraception but are putting it in the context of bigger goals in life, such as, ?Where do you want to be in three years?? ?How does a kid fit into that,?? she said.Elizabeth Gomez, 44, said the Texas program?s after-school classes taught her how to discuss difficult topics with her three daughters in a respectful way that made them listen and respond.?For Hispanics, it?s difficult, because it?s a taboo to talk about sex,? she said.A letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price signed by 37 Democratic senators called the decision short-sighted. Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program grantees served a half-million youth from 2010 to 2014 and were on their way to serve an additional 1.2 million through 2019 when the grant was scheduled to end, the senators said. Their letter asked Price for an explanation and questioned the timing of the notifications in advance of congressional action on fiscal year 2018 appropriations.Two of Shawanda Brown-Cannon?s children take classes once a week through a southwest Georgia program called Quest for Change which, according to its director, will lose about 87 percent of its total budget.The classes prompted both her 17-year-old daughter, Amaya, and her 13-year-old son, Chandler, to talk with their mother about what they?ve learned, for instance a Valentine?s Day class on how to show love without sexual activity.?It opens up a line of communication,? Brown-Cannon said.Angelina Jackson, a 17-year-old high school senior, is a member of Quest for Change. She helps run classroom lessons and organize events as a member of the youth leadership council focused on her school.?Some people are not able to talk to their parents at home about the stuff that Quest does,? Jackson said. ?They provided a comfortable environment where people could ask questions or talk about their concerns.?Vermont-based Youth Catalytics was informed July 5 that its five-year, $2.8 million federal grant had been cut off June 30, the end of the first year. The grant provided about half of the organization?s annual budget. As recently as July 3, people from the organization had been working with HHS officials about the details of the program, said Meagan Downey, the group?s director of special projects. The grant covered about half of her salary.Downey said her organization was one of five grant recipients nationwide that lost their funding immediately. Others were given until July 1, 2018 to prepare for the loss of the funds.Leaders of the HOPE Buffalo program always had an eye toward establishing partnerships with city and community leaders that would enable its work to continue beyond the five-year lifespan of the grant, which provided $2 million a year, Project Director Stan Martin said. With less time and less funding, he said, ?our efforts were just accelerated.?\r\nPhilippine President Rodrigo Duterte has threatened to bomb tribal schools, accusing them of teaching students to rebel against the government. Duterte condemned insurgents for destroying infrastructure and alleged that the schools were operated by the rebels without government permits. Human rights groups demanded that Duterte retract the threat and warned such an attack would be a war crime.\r\nThe Philippine president has sparked alarm among human rights groups after he threatened to bomb tribal schools, accusing them of teaching students to become communist rebels.In a televised news conference on Monday, Rodrigo Duterte condemned insurgents for destroying bridges and torching schools in the countryside but said they were sparing indigenous Lumad schools, which he alleged were operating under rebel control without government permits. ?Get out of there, I?m telling the Lumads now. I?ll have those bombed, including your structures,? the president said. ?I will use the armed forces, the Philippine air force. I?ll really have those bombed ? because you are operating illegally and you are teaching the children to rebel against government.? Human rights groups called on him to retract the threat, warning such an attack would constitute a war crime. US-based Human Rights Watch said international humanitarian law ?prohibits attacks on schools and other civilian structures unless they are being used for military purposes?, adding that deliberate attacks on civilians, including students and teachers, ?is also a war crime?.Leftwing lawmaker Emmi de Jesus of the Gabriela Women?s party asked Duterte to retract the threat, saying government troops may use it as a pretext to attack indigenous schools and communities in the country?s south that have come under threat from pro-military militias in recent years. Angered by recent communist rebel attacks on government forces, including a road gun battle last week that wounded five members of his elite presidential guards, Duterte has called off peace talks with the Maoist guerrillas and threatened their perceived sympathisers.  ?By calling for an attack on schools Duterte is directing the military to commit war crimes,? said Carlos Conde of Human Rights Watch. Conde urged Duterte to sign a 2015 international political statement, the Safe Schools Declaration, that commits governments to supporting the protection of students, teachers and schools in times of armed conflict. Duterte ascended to the presidency in 2016 after campaigning on his extra-tough approach on crime as a prosecutor and later as mayor of southern Davao city. He has remained popular despite thousands of deaths in his nationwide anti-drug crackdown, and his continuing popularity and the ineffective opposition have apparently emboldened him. On Monday night Duterte also called for abolishing the Commission on Human Rights, an independent agency created under the constitution. He demanded that the commission and the government ombudsman, who investigates officials for corruption and other infractions, route requests to investigate police and military personnel through him, and laid down conditions under which he would allow those investigations. Duterte said that if the ombudsman failed to address atrocities committed by insurgents on government forces, ?so that you can get the truth and the whole story, then do not investigate my army and police.? \r\nShiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for 'centralising power' and taking away the independence of the states. "Do we have true democracy in the country if all affairs are going to be run according to the wishes of the Prime Minister?" Thackeray questioned in an interview to the party's mouthpiece Saamana.\r\nswapnil.rawal@hindustantimes.comThe Shiv Sena launched yet another scathing attack on its ally the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) through its mouthpiece Saamana on Sunday. In an interview to the newspaper, party chief Uddhav Thackeray attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi and accused him of ?centralising? power.In a chat with Sena Member of Parliament and executive editor of Saamana Sanjay Raut, Thackeray attacked Modi over his style of functioning, demonetisation, Good and Services Tax (GST) and the PM?s poll pitch ?acche din?. ?The ?acche din? are only limited to government advertisement; the ground reality is completely different. Do we have true democracy in the country if all affairs are going to be run according to the wishes of the Prime Minister? He is centralising power, instead of decentralising it. He is taking away the independence of the states,? Thackeray said.Thackeray, who has been a staunch critic of demonetisation, said the move has not yielded anything positive, instead, it has affected the livelihood of people. ?Around 15 lakh people lost their jobs because of demonetisation. This means around 60 lakh people were directly affected. You should give them jobs now. How are you going to balance ?Start-up India?, ?Make in India? programmes with such colossal job losses? ? Thackeray asked.He also slammed the state government over the farm loan waiver. Thackeray said the government should table the list of 36 lakh farmers, who were going to get the benefit of the waiver in the upcoming Monsoon session. He said the party would continue its ?dhol bajao andolan? (protest by beating drums) to turn the heat on the government over implementing the loan waiver.Interestingly, the Sena chief said he shares a cordial relationship with Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis. ?There was no personal animosity between me and the current chief minister. My relation with him is really good. Often, he has accepted the suggestions I have given. He is putting forward views of his party, I am representing the people of the state. The difference is only that,? he said.The two parties share an uncomfortable relationship ever since 2014 Assembly polls where they contested independently. Earlier in 2017, the BJP and the Sena parted ways for the Mumbai civic elections. Sena, which is the junior partner in the central and state governments, has never missed an opportunity to speak up against the BJP and the prime minister. Reiterating his stand, Thackeray said he and his party will continue to speak up whenever they disagree with the decision of the BJP in the state and at the Centre. ?I want to explain my stand here. Whenever I say something or Sena speaks, we are considered anti-government. I am not anti-government. I am merely on the side of the people,? he said.\r\nThe Enforcement Directorate (ED) has reportedly decided to seize a Delhi farmhouse owned by Lalu Prasad's daughter Misa Bharti. This comes after the ED raided three Delhi farmhouses owned by Bharti, over a money laundering case against a firm linked to her and her husband Shailesh Kumar. The ED was reportedly not convinced with their responses during earlier investigations. \r\nIn further trouble for Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) chief Lalu Prasad's\xa0 MP daughter Misa Bharti, the Enforcement Directorate has decide to seize a farmhouse owned by her in Delhi. The ED will seize the farmhouse located in Delhi's Bijwasan\xa0 as the central agency is not convinced by Misa and her husband Shailesh's response during the investigation in a money laundering case.The Enforcement Directorate had conducted raids on July 8 at three Delhi farmhouses owned by Misa Bharti, her husband and a firm linked to them, in a money laundering case probe.Sleuths of the central probe agency carried out searches at the farmhouses in Ghitorni, Bijwasan and Sainik Farms The farmhouses are linked to Bharti, her husband Shailesh Kumar, and Mishail Printers and Packers Private Limited.The searches were connected to a money laundering probe being conducted by the agency against two brothers, Surendra Kumar Jain and Virendra Jain, and others who are alleged to have laundered several crore rupees using shell companies.The Jain brothers were arrested by the ED under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.One of the firms that the arrested duo dealt with was Mishail Printers and Packers Private Limited. Bharti and her husband are alleged to have been directors of this firm in the past.The agency said 1,20,000 shares of Mishail Printers and Packers Private Limited were bought between 2007 and 2008 at a rate of Rs 100 per share by four shell companies - Shalini Holdings Limited, Ad-Fin Capital Services (India) Private Limited, Mani Mala Delhi Properties Private Limited and Diamond Vinimay Private Limited.These 1,20,000 shares were bought back by Bharti at Rs 10 per share, the agency said.The ED also arrested Rajesh Agarwal, a chartered accountant allegedly linked to Bharti, who provided accommodation entries or black funds of about Rs 60 lakh to Mishail Printers and Packers Private Limited.The firm was registered at 25, Tughlaq Road here till the shares were bought back by Bharti, the agency said. Between 2009 and 2010, the address was changed to Bijwasan, it added.ALSO READ:Misa Bharti's accountant Rajesh Agarwal arrested by ED in money laundering caseI-T department attaches Lalu Yadav's daughter Misa Bharti's Rs 50 crore assets\r\nLok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on Monday suspended six Congress MPs for five days over their "highly unbecoming" conduct. The Congress MPs reportedly tore official papers and threw the shreds towards the chair four times during a parliamentary discussion on mob lynching and cow vigilantism. The House was adjourned and the MPs were declared suspended after the adjournment.\r\nThe Lok Sabha Speaker suspended six Congress parliamentarians on Monday for unruly behaviour during opposition protests in the House over growing cow vigilantism and alleged targeting of minorities and Dalits in the country.Parliament?s monsoon session proceedings after the weekend break were marred by disruptions as opposition lawmakers protested in the well of the Lower House and threw shredded papers at Speaker Sumitra Mahajan and the secretary general?s tables.The House was adjourned thereafter and when it resumed at 2pm, Mahajan announced that Congress lawmakers Gaurav Gogoi, K Suresh, Adhiranjan Chowdhary, Ranjeet Ranjan, Sushmita Dev and MK Raghavan were suspended for five days.She said the members had ?persistently and wilfully? disrupted the House by tearing and throwing papers towards the chair, causing grave disorder.Chaos began minutes after the House met in the morning as opposition members demanded a discussion on a string of lynching by self-styled cow protection groups.Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge moved an adjournment motion to discuss the attacks. But Mahajan declined to suspend the question hour.At this, Congress and Trinamool Congress lawmakers rushed to the well and shouted slogans against the government.The Speaker warned the MPs repeatedly to maintain decorum, but the protests grew as Samajwadi Party (SP) and Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) members joined the protesters.?Minorities, Dalits and women are being targeted in the name of cow slaughter. The government has failed to control these barbaric events,? Kharge said.He said the matter needs to be discussed in the House urgently and Prime Minister Narendra Modi and home minister Rajnath Singh should be present.The Congress leader also recalled Modi?s warnings to cow vigilantes.?The PM has said thrice that gaurakshaks are goondas (thugs) and his government will take action. But no action has been taken,? Kharge said.Parliamentary affairs minister Ananth Kumar tried to pacify the opposition leaders, saying the government ?could discuss the issue in the coming days? if the business advisory committee decides.But the protesters didn?t relent, prompting Kumar to ask the Speaker to take strong action.Trinamool MP Saugata Roy said he had given three notices for a discussion on the topic, but those were not accepted.The din escalated as ruling BJP members tried to outshout the Congress MPs.The BJP?s Meenakshi Lekhi and Nishikant Dubey attempted to corner the Congress over the Bofors kickback scandal, demanding reinvestigation into the Swedish artillery gun deal when former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi was in power.\r\nThe Public Works Department (PWD) has approved the construction of a flyover costing ?50 crore near Ghaziabad's Raj Nagar Extension. The flyover, proposed by the Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA), is aimed at decongesting the city roads. The construction of this 538-metre-long split-type flyover will begin after its modified design report is vetted by IIT Roorkee. \r\nThe public works department (PWD) has cleared the proposal for the construction of a flyover over the erstwhile NH-58 near Raj Nagar Extension (RNE). After NH-58 was denotified as a highway last year, it was assigned as ?other district road? to the PWD as per a state government notification in June.Due to massive inflow of traffic on the Ghaziabad-Meerut Road (erstwhile NH-58), officials of the Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) had proposed the construction of a flyover and also altered the design, by making it a split-type flyover, as the regional rapid transit system (RRTS) corridor passes through the median of the road.?We have given clearance for the project to the GDA. They will have to prepare a service lane in the area and also have to take care of the piped gas line that passes through the area. They will make use of additional land in the vicinity and also remove encroachments. We also reviewed their traffic plan and have given them the permission after a thorough study,? said Manish Verma, executive engineer, PWD.?We also checked the RRTS alignment and had also asked them to take permission from the agency concerned. The clearance was given on a review of the traffic regulation plan and provision for the RRTS alignment. We are also planning to make the road a state highway and will send a proposal to the government. This is because the volume of traffic has remained the same despite the road being denotified as a highway,? he said.The proposed flyover, spanning 538 metres, is pegged at Rs50 crore and its design was changed from combined six-lane to three-lane (each side) split-type one. The middle portion between the two lanes will be used for the RRTS, which will come up on an elevated section, like the metro train system.The authority had proposed the flyover to decongest the city roads as a heavy volume of traffic is witnessed at the intersection.?The design for the flyover has been approved by the RRTS agency. The flyover design report is waiting to be vetted by IIT, Roorkee. The UP state bridge corporation is the construction agency. Once the design is vetted, the flyover construction can be started. We have received clearances from PWD for the project,? said Chakresh Jain, executive engineer, GDA.The authority has also proposed a flyover in Vasundhara, over the Link Road. Officials said that the proposed design is not in conflict with the RRTS alignment and pegged the cost at Rs50 crore.\r\nYuva Sena chief Aaditya Thackeray has demanded the resignation of Maharashtra Education Minister Vinod Tawde and Mumbai University Vice-Chancellor Sanjay Deshmukh over the delay in declaration of MU results. He also called for a government inquiry into why the online assessment system was adopted by MU and asked if it was a scam as it failed badly.\r\nYuva Sena Chief Aaditya Thackeray on Monday met Maharashtra Governor Vidyasagar Rao to complain about the ongoing chaos over exam assessment in the Mumbai University and demanded resignations of state education minister Vinod Tawde and vice-chancellor Sanjay Deshmukh.Thackeray asked the governor to conduct an inquiry into why the university decided to opt for online assessment of papers this year, a move that has resulted in chaos and inordinate delays in paper correction.?I called the governor today to raise the issue of absolute mismanagement of the Mumbai University currently by the vice-chancellor. An inquiry must happen into why online assessment was opted for. How was the tender processed? As it has failed so badly, is it a scam?? Thackeray tweeted after the meeting.Read more:?Mumbai university results to be out by second week of AugustThe Yuva Sena leader pointed out how just a few lakh papers have been assessed until now. With there being a hurry to meet the July 31 deadline to complete the assessment, Thackeray also raised questions over the quality of paper correction.He said on Twitter, ?The Mumbai University is now without a Pro Vice Chancellor, Registrar, has an adhoc controller of examinations and is in the middle of a mess.?Finally are the Education Minister and the Vice Chancellor understanding the needs of the MU and education or must they resign?? Aaditya Thackeray (@AUThackeray) July 24, 2017This is the first year that the Mumbai University has moved to an online assessment process, leading to major delays in the completion of assessment and announcing results of examinations held in April-May.Read more: Lights, camera, satire: Mumbai University students voice their woes in parody video\r\nChina plans to build its first Mars simulation base on the country's Tibetan plateau as it aims to send the first mission to the red planet by 2020 after the US, India and Russia. The project will reportedly incorporate education, tourism, scientific research and simulation training. The base might also include a set for shooting films and TV shows. \r\nChina plans to build its first Mars simulation base on the Tibetan plateau in the country?s northwest as it aims to send the first mission to the red planet by 2020 to catch-up with the US, India and Russia.An agreement to build a ?Mars village? at Haixi prefecture in Qinghai province, a part of the Tibetan plateau located next to Tibet Autonomous Region, was signed yesterday, state-run China News Service reported.The region on the Qinghai-Tibet plateau is known for its sharp ridges and mounds of rock, known as yardangs, formed over the centuries by wind erosion. They mirror similar features found on the arid surface of Mars.The project will incorporate education, tourism, scientific research and simulation training, Hong-Kong based South China Morning Post reported.China aims to launch a Mars probe around 2020 to carry out orbiting and roving exploration, followed by a second mission that would include collection of surface samples from the red planet, according to an official white paper ?China?s Space Activities in 2016?.China looks to catch up with India, the US, Russia and the European Union in sending probes to Mars.The base might also include a set for shooting films and TV shows, the report quoted a local government statement as saying.Liu Xiaoqun, an official involved in space exploration at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said the base would contribute to local tourism in Qinghai.The facility, composed of a ?Mars community? and a ?Mars camp?, will provide tourists with a unique scientific and cultural experience, the report said.The government showed off images last year depicting its future orbiter, lander and rover ? designed to explore the surface of the red planet.\r\nFormer Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi has said that JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar has finally taken a stand, and should now support BJP. This comes after Nitish Kumar resigned as Bihar Chief Minister citing a crisis in the ruling Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance, and PM Narendra Modi congratulated Kumar for joining the "fight against corruption". \r\nIn dramatic developments in Bihar, Nitish Kumar on Wednesday resigned as chief minister, dumping the RJD and Congress to stitch a new alliance with BJP, which quickly announced support to a new government under him. Kumar, whose resignation was immediately accepted by governor Keshari Nath Tripathi, will take oath at the chief minister at 5pm on Thursday.?In the circumstances that prevail in Bihar, it became difficult to run the grand alliance government,? Kumar told reporters outside Raj Bhavan after submitting his resignation to governor Keshri Nath Tripathi.Prime Minister Narendra Modi hailed Kumar?s resignation, saying in doing so he has joined the fight against corruption. Immediately after Kumar announced his resignation, Modi tweeted: ?Congratulations! Mr Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption.?Here are Wednesday?s highlights on the political crisis in Bihar:12.30am: Lalu Prasad says: ?Nitish Kumar has underlined that he is an opportunist. Having done what he has, he cannot stake claim without a challenge. The Congress, CPI-ML and independents will back our claims to form the next government... Struggle is my life. I have to be in Ranchi for the next three days. However, Tejashwi has been asked to present the claim to the governor in the forenoon tomorrow.?12.28am: Tejashwi Yadav along with RJD delegation will meet Bihar governor KN Tripathi at 11 am on Thursday; to stake claim for forming government.12.07am: Taking a letter of support to governor to stake claim for forming government: Prem Kumar, BJP, on Sushil Modi and Nitish Kumar?s meet with governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.12.04am: Have asked Governor for time to meet, being the largest party we will stake claim to from government, tweets Tejashwi Yadav. We will also get support from JDU MLAs, he says.11.56pm: Nitish Kumar, Sushil Modi and BJP, JDU leaders leave for Raj Bhavan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.11.11pm: Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi reaches Raj Bhavan after being discharged from hospital.10.36pm: Nitish Kumar to take oath as CM of Bihar at 5pm tomorrow.10.31pm: Bihar governor KN Tripathi admitted to Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences in Patna due to an ENT problem.10.20pm: Nitish may take oath on Thursday. A meeting of JD(U) and BJP MLAs is underway.10.07pm: When Nitish Kumar broke alliance with BJP in 2013 he choreographed and followed the same script to secure himself. He surrenders as per needs: Lalu Prasad?s tweet9.55pm: Sushil Modi says BJP has handed over a letter of support to the governor, and will be part of the new government. All NDA members are heading to 1, Aney Marg to elect Nitish Kumar as the leader, Modi adds.9.49pm: Sushil Modi, Nityanand Rai and other BJP MLAs reach Nitish Kumar?s residence in Patna for a meeting of JDU-BJP MLAs, reports ANI.9.30pm: Sushil Kumar Modi says BJP will be part of the government under Nitish Kumar. BJP and JD(U) leaders are headed to the Raj Bhawan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.9.02pm: ?There are charges against both Nitish and Tejashwi. The MLAs of the Grand Alliance parties should sit down and pick a new leader. Bihar?s poor, deprived and reservation-backed sections gave the Grand Alliance historic majority against the BJP. This is foeticide of the Grand Alliance? There were corruption allegations against us before. Did Nitish Kumar not know while making an alliance and forming a government?? -- Lalu Prasad?s tweets9.01pm: Nityanand Rai and I called Nitish Ji. The BJP decides to support him; we will support the government formed under him. We will inform the governor also: ANI?quotes Sushil Modi as saying9pm: Thank PM Modi for his tweet on my decision, tweets Nitish Kumar after resigning as Bihar CM8.55pm: There?s involvement of Narendra Modi. Nitish Kumar slapped people of Bihar. People like Sushil Modi are eager to form a government in Bihar: Lalu Prasad8.40pm: Meeting underway at Lalu Prasad?s residence in Patna. Rabri Devi, Tejashwi Yadav, Tej Pratap Yadav and senior RJD leaders present.8.23pm: CP Joshi was informed at the governor?s house; he asked Kumar to wait. Joshi said he will get back after a word with Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi: ANI quotes sources8.21pm: Nitish Kumar did not inform Rahul Gandhi about his intention to resign in their meeting: ANI?quotes sources.8.02pm: I appeal to Nitish Kumar... All RJD, JD(U) and Congress MLAs should sit down and pick new leader and make a government... His unwillingness to do so will prove he has already struck a deal with the BJP: Lalu Prasad7.59pm: The BJP welcomes the battle against corruption in Bihar; not in favour of midterm elections... A three-member panel from Bihar will report to central leadership for final call: JP Nadda after the BJP?s parliamentary board meeting.7.58pm: We are deeply disappointed by the news of Nitish Kumar?s resignation. The Congress respects Nitish Kumar as a leader: Randeep Surjewala, Congress7.57pm: Nitish Kumar knew that he is accused of section 302; one of India?s CM is main accused in murder and arms case : Lalu Prasad7.51pm: Nitish Kumar had said that he will never join hands with BJP: Lalu Prasad7.50pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad says did not speak to the press over corruption allegations against  Tejashwi following lawyers? advice. 7.49pm: Nitish Kumar did not ask for resignation: RJD chief Lalu Prasad at a press conference after Nitish Kumar quits as Bihar CM.7.45pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad to address a press conference shortly.7.42pm: We are happy that Bihar CM didn?t compromise on issue of corruption and did not kneel down before RJD: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.36pm: We don?t want midterm elections in Bihar. The MLAs should complete their term. A three-member committee will talk to MLAs and apprise the Centre of the situation in the state: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.26pm: Source say BJP legislature party to finalise support without preconditions at its meeting late evening today.7.25pm: Nitish-Lalu alliance was a mismatch. This had to happen: Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Nitish Kumar?s resignation7.24pm: PM Narendra Modi arrives for BJP parliamentary meeting in Delhi.7.09pm: The country and time require that for the bright future of India, and especially Bihar, people need to rise above political disputes and fight against corruption together: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.09pm: I congratulate Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption. The 1.25 billion people of the country are welcoming and supporting his honesty: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.08pm: Before resigning, I had informed Laluji and Congress Bihar in-charge CP Joshi: Nitish Kumar.7.05pm: Gandhiji always said needs can be met on the Earth, but greed can never be fulfilled: Nitish Kumar7.04pm: I am not blaming anyone, those who want to blame me are free to do so: Nitish Kumar7.02pm: I felt that for a person like me it was not possible to run this government. I don?t want to create a dispute... When I saw there was no other way... I broke myself away (from the alliance with the RJD). The governor has accepted my resignation, and asked me to continue working till the next development.6.58pm: We worked in the alliance till the point we could: Nitish Kumar6.57pm: If there are charges then they must have replied to it. We felt they were not in a position to speak: Nitish Kumar6.56pm: It?s not possible to work in this environment; I tried. Tried to find out a solution: Nitish Kumar6.52pm: The situation is such that it?s not possible to work. Whatever we do, the discussion is only about one thing: Nitish Kumar6.50pm: Not possible to work in the grand alliance. We made all attempts. We never asked for anyone?s resignation: Nitish Kumar6.34pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar reaches Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi amid speculation that he may resign.6.33pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on his way to Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.\r\nAfter resigning as Bihar Chief Minister, Nitish Kumar has thanked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his tweet supporting his decision to resign. "Congratulations to Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption," PM Modi had tweeted earlier today. Kumar had submitted his resignation to Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi citing a crisis in the ruling Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance.\r\nIn dramatic developments in Bihar, Nitish Kumar on Wednesday resigned as chief minister, dumping the RJD and Congress to stitch a new alliance with BJP, which quickly announced support to a new government under him. Kumar, whose resignation was immediately accepted by governor Keshari Nath Tripathi, will take oath at the chief minister at 5pm on Thursday.?In the circumstances that prevail in Bihar, it became difficult to run the grand alliance government,? Kumar told reporters outside Raj Bhavan after submitting his resignation to governor Keshri Nath Tripathi.Prime Minister Narendra Modi hailed Kumar?s resignation, saying in doing so he has joined the fight against corruption. Immediately after Kumar announced his resignation, Modi tweeted: ?Congratulations! Mr Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption.?Here are Wednesday?s highlights on the political crisis in Bihar:12.30am: Lalu Prasad says: ?Nitish Kumar has underlined that he is an opportunist. Having done what he has, he cannot stake claim without a challenge. The Congress, CPI-ML and independents will back our claims to form the next government... Struggle is my life. I have to be in Ranchi for the next three days. However, Tejashwi has been asked to present the claim to the governor in the forenoon tomorrow.?12.28am: Tejashwi Yadav along with RJD delegation will meet Bihar governor KN Tripathi at 11 am on Thursday; to stake claim for forming government.12.07am: Taking a letter of support to governor to stake claim for forming government: Prem Kumar, BJP, on Sushil Modi and Nitish Kumar?s meet with governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.12.04am: Have asked Governor for time to meet, being the largest party we will stake claim to from government, tweets Tejashwi Yadav. We will also get support from JDU MLAs, he says.11.56pm: Nitish Kumar, Sushil Modi and BJP, JDU leaders leave for Raj Bhavan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.11.11pm: Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi reaches Raj Bhavan after being discharged from hospital.10.36pm: Nitish Kumar to take oath as CM of Bihar at 5pm tomorrow.10.31pm: Bihar governor KN Tripathi admitted to Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences in Patna due to an ENT problem.10.20pm: Nitish may take oath on Thursday. A meeting of JD(U) and BJP MLAs is underway.10.07pm: When Nitish Kumar broke alliance with BJP in 2013 he choreographed and followed the same script to secure himself. He surrenders as per needs: Lalu Prasad?s tweet9.55pm: Sushil Modi says BJP has handed over a letter of support to the governor, and will be part of the new government. All NDA members are heading to 1, Aney Marg to elect Nitish Kumar as the leader, Modi adds.9.49pm: Sushil Modi, Nityanand Rai and other BJP MLAs reach Nitish Kumar?s residence in Patna for a meeting of JDU-BJP MLAs, reports ANI.9.30pm: Sushil Kumar Modi says BJP will be part of the government under Nitish Kumar. BJP and JD(U) leaders are headed to the Raj Bhawan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.9.02pm: ?There are charges against both Nitish and Tejashwi. The MLAs of the Grand Alliance parties should sit down and pick a new leader. Bihar?s poor, deprived and reservation-backed sections gave the Grand Alliance historic majority against the BJP. This is foeticide of the Grand Alliance? There were corruption allegations against us before. Did Nitish Kumar not know while making an alliance and forming a government?? -- Lalu Prasad?s tweets9.01pm: Nityanand Rai and I called Nitish Ji. The BJP decides to support him; we will support the government formed under him. We will inform the governor also: ANI?quotes Sushil Modi as saying9pm: Thank PM Modi for his tweet on my decision, tweets Nitish Kumar after resigning as Bihar CM8.55pm: There?s involvement of Narendra Modi. Nitish Kumar slapped people of Bihar. People like Sushil Modi are eager to form a government in Bihar: Lalu Prasad8.40pm: Meeting underway at Lalu Prasad?s residence in Patna. Rabri Devi, Tejashwi Yadav, Tej Pratap Yadav and senior RJD leaders present.8.23pm: CP Joshi was informed at the governor?s house; he asked Kumar to wait. Joshi said he will get back after a word with Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi: ANI quotes sources8.21pm: Nitish Kumar did not inform Rahul Gandhi about his intention to resign in their meeting: ANI?quotes sources.8.02pm: I appeal to Nitish Kumar... All RJD, JD(U) and Congress MLAs should sit down and pick new leader and make a government... His unwillingness to do so will prove he has already struck a deal with the BJP: Lalu Prasad7.59pm: The BJP welcomes the battle against corruption in Bihar; not in favour of midterm elections... A three-member panel from Bihar will report to central leadership for final call: JP Nadda after the BJP?s parliamentary board meeting.7.58pm: We are deeply disappointed by the news of Nitish Kumar?s resignation. The Congress respects Nitish Kumar as a leader: Randeep Surjewala, Congress7.57pm: Nitish Kumar knew that he is accused of section 302; one of India?s CM is main accused in murder and arms case : Lalu Prasad7.51pm: Nitish Kumar had said that he will never join hands with BJP: Lalu Prasad7.50pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad says did not speak to the press over corruption allegations against  Tejashwi following lawyers? advice. 7.49pm: Nitish Kumar did not ask for resignation: RJD chief Lalu Prasad at a press conference after Nitish Kumar quits as Bihar CM.7.45pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad to address a press conference shortly.7.42pm: We are happy that Bihar CM didn?t compromise on issue of corruption and did not kneel down before RJD: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.36pm: We don?t want midterm elections in Bihar. The MLAs should complete their term. A three-member committee will talk to MLAs and apprise the Centre of the situation in the state: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.26pm: Source say BJP legislature party to finalise support without preconditions at its meeting late evening today.7.25pm: Nitish-Lalu alliance was a mismatch. This had to happen: Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Nitish Kumar?s resignation7.24pm: PM Narendra Modi arrives for BJP parliamentary meeting in Delhi.7.09pm: The country and time require that for the bright future of India, and especially Bihar, people need to rise above political disputes and fight against corruption together: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.09pm: I congratulate Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption. The 1.25 billion people of the country are welcoming and supporting his honesty: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.08pm: Before resigning, I had informed Laluji and Congress Bihar in-charge CP Joshi: Nitish Kumar.7.05pm: Gandhiji always said needs can be met on the Earth, but greed can never be fulfilled: Nitish Kumar7.04pm: I am not blaming anyone, those who want to blame me are free to do so: Nitish Kumar7.02pm: I felt that for a person like me it was not possible to run this government. I don?t want to create a dispute... When I saw there was no other way... I broke myself away (from the alliance with the RJD). The governor has accepted my resignation, and asked me to continue working till the next development.6.58pm: We worked in the alliance till the point we could: Nitish Kumar6.57pm: If there are charges then they must have replied to it. We felt they were not in a position to speak: Nitish Kumar6.56pm: It?s not possible to work in this environment; I tried. Tried to find out a solution: Nitish Kumar6.52pm: The situation is such that it?s not possible to work. Whatever we do, the discussion is only about one thing: Nitish Kumar6.50pm: Not possible to work in the grand alliance. We made all attempts. We never asked for anyone?s resignation: Nitish Kumar6.34pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar reaches Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi amid speculation that he may resign.6.33pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on his way to Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.\r\nA study has revealed that the UK and Netherlands act as channels of corporate offshore investments from tax havens, with both countries accounting for almost 40% of such investments. Out of the 24 offshore financial centres identified, 18 had links to the UK. Every year multinationals in the EU avoid paying \xa338-158 billion in taxes using tax havens.\r\nAlmost 40% of corporate investments channelled away from authorities and into tax havens travel through the UK or the Netherlands, according to a study of the ownership structures of 98m firms.The two EU states are way ahead of the rest of the world in terms of being a preferred option for corporations who want to exploit tax havens to protect their investments.The Netherlands was a conduit for 23% of corporate investments that ended in a tax haven, a team of researchers at the University of Amsterdam concluded. The UK accounted for 14%, ahead of Switzerland (6%), Singapore (2%) and Ireland (1%).Every year multinationals avoid paying \xa338bn-\xa3158bn in taxes in the EU using tax havens. In the US, tax evasion by multinational corporations via offshore jurisdictions is estimated to be at least $130bn (\xa399bn) a year. The researchers reported that there were 24 so-called ?sink? offshore financial centres where foreign capital was ultimately stored, safe from the tax authorities.Of those, 18 are said to have a current or past dependence to the UK, such as the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands and Jersey.The tax havens used correlated heavily to which conduit country was chosen by the multinational?s accountants.The UK is a major conduit for investments going to European countries and former members of the British Empire, such as Hong Kong, Jersey, Guernsey or Bermuda, reflecting the historical links and tax treaties enjoyed by firms setting up in Britain. The Netherlands is a principal conduit for investment ending in Cyprus and Bermuda, among others. Switzerland is used as a conduit to Jersey. Ireland is the route for Japanese and American companies to Luxembourg.In terms of the purpose, on paper, of the corporate structures, the Netherlands specialises in providing holding companies. The UK provides head offices and fund management and Ireland offers financial leasing and the provision of head offices.?Our results show that offshore finance is not the exclusive business of exotic small islands far away,? the researchers write in an article for theacademic journal Scientific Reports. ?Countries such as the Netherlands and the United Kingdom play a crucial yet previously hidden role as conduits of offshore finance on its way to tax havens.?Dr Eelke Heemskerk, who led the research, said that the work showed the importance of developed countries cleaning up their financial sectors.He said: ?In the context of Brexit, where you have the UK threatening, unless they get a deal, to change their model to be attractive to companies who want to protect themselves from taxes, well, they are already doing it.?The Netherlands says they won?t let the UK be an offshore tax haven. That?s because they don?t want them taking their business.?\r\nChina has opposed the new US sanctions against North Korea, saying that such sanctions were not conducive to mutual trust and cooperation between China and the US. "China is always opposed to...sanctions outside the framework of the UNSC," officials said. Notably, the new sanctions would affect entities trading with North Korea.\r\nChina on Wednesday opposed a new round of unilateral sanctions that the US has imposed against North Korea. Such sanctions were not conducive to mutual trust and cooperation between China and the US, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said at a press briefing.?China is always opposed to unilateral sanctions outside the framework of the UNSC and especially opposed to long-arm jurisdiction imposed by other countries on China?s enterprises and individuals,? Kang said.The new sanctions could affect companies from third countries, which trade with North Korea, and especially China, the main trading partner of the isolated regime of Kim Jong-un.Lu added China has always strictly implemented UN resolutions related to North Korea and will investigate suspected violations of sanctions by Chinese enterprises or individuals according to its own domestic law.The US House of Representatives, with Republican majority, had approved new sanctions against North Korea, Iran and Russia on Tuesday. The House also limited the Donald Trump government?s power to lift sanctions, amid the President?s intentions to relax US policy towards Russia.The sanctions come at a time when the international community fears North Korea is preparing for new ballistic missile tests.?We firmly oppose any words and deeds that may heighten the tension,? Lu said.\r\nA group of international volunteers fighting with Kurdish forces against the Islamic State in northern Syria have formed the first LGBT military unit to battle the terror group. The formation of The Queer Insurrection and Liberation Army (TQILA) was announced on Monday. Notably, members of the LGBT community suffered stonings and executions at the hands of the militant group. \r\nInternational volunteers battling the Islamic State in Syria have formed a new unit of LGBT people to take on Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi?s terror group, which has targeted the community for execution by stoning and being thrown off rooftops.The formation of The Queer Insurrection and Liberation Army (TQILA), pronounced as tequila, was announced on Twitter by the International Revolutionary People?s Guerrilla Forces (IRPGF) on Monday, complete with a photo of a rainbow flag flying in Raqqa, at the centre of the IS? so-called caliphate.TQILA?s flag features a black AK-47 against a pink background.?These Faggots Kill Fascists! We shoot back!? said a tweet from IRPGF, which itself is part of the International Freedom Battalion, a motley group of foreign fighters battling the IS alongside the YPG, the Kurdish militia also known as the People?s Protection Units.These Faggots Kill Fascists! We shoot back! The Black & Pink and Rainbow flag fly in Raqqa. #Queers smashing the Caliphate. #TQILA #YPJ #YPG pic.twitter.com/eBCssrbjMI? IRPGF (@IRPGF) July 24, 2017These foreign fighters include students, former soldiers and even white collar workers who gave up lucrative jobs in the West to take on the IS.The IS has been particularly vicious in targeting the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender people. Since it established its so-called caliphate, it has issued a stream of videos and images depicting the execution of men accused of homosexuality by stoning and being thrown off the roofs of multi-storey buildings.The IS also claimed the deadly shooting by Omar Mateen at the gay Pulse nightclub in Florida in June last year that left 49 people dead after he pledged allegiance to Baghdadi. The courts of the IS have also declared that homosexuality is punishable by death and dozens of LGBT people have fled Iraq and Syria to escape persecution by the group. In a statement on the formation of TQILA, the IRPGF said the subgroup comprises ?LGBT*QI+ comrades as well as others who seek to smash the gender binary and advance the women?s revolution as well as the broader gender and sexual revolution?. ?TQILA?s members have watched in horror as fascist and extremist forces around the world have attacked the Queer community and murdered countless of our community members citing that they are ?ill?, ?sick? and ?unnatural?,? the statement said. ?The images of gay men being thrown off roofs and stoned to death by Daesh was something we could not idly watch,? the IRPGF said, using the Arabic acronym for the IS. The IRPGF did not give any details about the strength of the unit or where its members were operating. TQILA spokesperson Heval Rojhilat told Newsweek that ?many of our comrades are within the LGBT*QI+ community? and were already in action in Raqqa.The IRPGF?s statement also criticised ?Christian conservatives in the global northwest? for targeting LGBT people, saying it is ?not only Daesh whose hatred for Queer, Trans and other non-binary peoples leads to religiously motivated hatred and attacks?. ?We want to emphasise that queerphobia, homophobia and trans-phobia are not inherent to Islam or any other religion. In fact, we know many Muslims, Jews, Christians, Hindus, Buddhists etc. who are accepting and welcoming of uniqueness and non-conforming people and some who are even queer themselves,? the statement said. \r\nMaharashtra's private law colleges have reportedly been allowed to revise their fees for the first time in nine years after they were brought under the control of the Fee Regulating Authority (FRA). While the colleges have welcomed the revision of fees, students reportedly demanded that the colleges need to upgrade themselves before charging extra fees. \r\nPrivate law colleges in Maharashtra have been allowed to hike their fees for the first time in nine years.Fees for both three-year and five-year LLB courses are being revised by the Fee Regulating Authority (FRA). Some colleges have been allowed to double or even triple the current fees, while in some cases the fees has been reduced.Till now, the fees at law colleges in the state was being regulated by their respective universities. Many universities including the University of Mumbai (MU) have not changed the fee structure of their affiliated colleges for a long time. MU had last revised the fees in 2008, when it prescribed annual fees in the range of Rs12,000 to Rs13,500 for both three-year and five-year LLB courses. However, after the state categorised law programmes as ?professional courses?, they were brought under the FRA?s ambit, making them eligible for fee revision.?The law colleges were brought under the FRA?s control, as the universities don?t have a mechanism to monitor the finances of individual colleges. We have decided to fix the fees of most of the colleges in the range of Rs15,000 to Rs20,000. But the colleges that are offering better infrastructure and good teachers have been permitted to charge even more. We have gone through the audited reports of colleges? expenditure. They are not supposed to profiteer off students? fees,? said a member of FRA.Some colleges had hiked fees without waiting for a nod from the university. In October 2015, HT had reported that the university had directed a law college in Goregaon to refund excess fee charged from students.The regulator has now fixed the fees of academic year 2016-17, which will be applicable retroactively, as well as fees for 2017-18, which will be applicable for the upcoming academic year. Colleges have welcomed the long-due revision in fees. ?All these years, we were running in huge deficit. Most of the colleges rely on part-time teachers, but we had appointed full time teachers,? said Jyoti Deshmukh, principal, VES College of Law, Chembur.The students, however, feel that the colleges need to upgrade their infrastructure and quality of education in order to justify the hike. ?Many colleges don?t have basic facilities such as library and moot court room. The colleges which overcharged should refund the excess amount,? said Sachin Pawar, president, Student Law Council.\r\nA war memorial built to honour soldiers killed during the 1962 Indo-China War was reportedly vandalised on Tuesday in Gurugram's Palam Vihar. Officials managing the memorial said several stone benches and floodlights were broken. The memorial was built in 2012 in memory of the 114 soldiers who were killed during the battle at Rezang La Pass in 1962. \r\nBroken benches, damaged floodlights and scratched plaques ? this was the sight of Rezang La war memorial in Palam Vihar on Tuesday morning when members of the Martyr?s family welfare foundation visited the site to plan celebrations ahead of the Kargil Vijay Diwas on Wednesday.?We were shocked to look at the site. All the eight benches, which are made of stones, had been broken and the floodlights were smashed,? TC Rao, convener of the Rezangla Shahidi Samaroh Samiti told HT.Rao called it ?an insult to the war veterans?. He said the 7,000 sq feet memorial was inaugurated by the then Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on December 29, 2012. It was constructed to honour 114 martyrs who sacrificed their lives during the historic battle of Rezang La pass in 1962 with China. A majority of war heroes of the 13th Kumaon Regiment were from south Haryana districts of Gurgaon, Rewari and Mahendragarh.?This sad state of affairs show how much we respect their sacrifices,? he added.Veteran allege that the memorial becomes a picnic spot for drunk men and miscreants every night.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Parveen Kumar/HT?Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tBy Tuesday evening, an FIR was registered against unknown persons under section 427 (mischief causing damage to property) and prevention of damage to Public property Act.Palam Vihar SHO Praveen Malik said they received the complaint late in the evening. He said that no CCTV cameras were available which could capture the act and that investigation is on.?We visited the spot and found out that the memorial had indeed been damaged,? he said.The 7,000-sq feet memorial was inaugurated by then Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on December 29, 2012.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Parveen Kumar/HT?Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tA group of association members met at the memorial on Tuesday to decide about the Kagil Divas celebrations. ?But our celebrations turned into sorrow. This was not one person?s or one association?s property, it is the country?s heritage,? said Col (retd) Mahavir Yadav, a member of the association.Rao, who served in the Indian Army for years and was a part of Kargil war, said that it could not be work of just two-three men, but ?a group who had come solely with the purpose of destroying the great memorial.?He alleged that the vandalism was a result of a complaint he had filed at the chief minister?s window on Monday against a wine shop in the vicinity of the memorial. ?It is not just about the memorial. The wine shop is next to a hospital and very near to the school as well,? Rao said.The veteran said that the memorial becomes a picnic spot for drunk men and miscreants every night. He alleged that several men, who buy alcohol from the nearby wine shop, sit at the memorial.?It is a grave insult to our great martyrs who laid their lives for the country. Imagine how a soldier would feel when drunken men fight and abuse each other while sitting in the memorial?? Rao asked.\r\nThe Mumbai Police on Monday arrested a 28-year-old drug-addict for stealing 200 trophies from a sports shop in Kalbadevi. The accused said he sneaked into the shop to steal money but stole trophies instead "as there wasn't any money", according to police officials. He was arrested the day after the robbery before he could sell the trophies, police added.\r\nAzad Maidan police have arrested a 28-year-old drug-addict for stealing trophies from a sports shop in Kalbadevi, Mumbai.The police have identified the accused as Sandeep Apte, who is a resident of Kalbadevi.The police said that the accused had sneaked into the shop through the window, and fled with 200 trophies.An officer from Azad Maidan police station said, ?The incident took place around 8.30pm, when the accused broke the window of the shop and went inside. The accused then collected all the trophies in one sack and fled with it.?The complainant learnt about the incident after he got a call from a local informing him about the incident. A case was registered with the Azad Maidan police station.?CCTV cameras were attached inside the shop, so we checked the footage and identified the accused. Later, while patrolling near Azad Maidan, we saw Apte at around 1.30am on the same night, and got him to the police station on the basis of suspicion,? said an officer.Initially, the police had detained Apte on the basis of suspicion, as he looked identical to the person seen on the CCTV footage, and following his confession, the accused was arrested.?The accused claimed that he had went inside the shop to steal some money but as there wasn?t any money, he stole the trophies. Apte was planning to sell the trophies the next day, but he was arrested earlier and all the 200 trophies were recovered,? said an officer.The accused has been booked under sections 454 (lurking house-trespass or house-breaking by night in order to commit offence punishable with imprisonment) and 380 (theft in dwelling house, etc) of the Indian Penal Code. While he was produced in Esplanade court and has been remanded to judicial custody. \r\nA Mumbai woman was duped by a cyber criminal posing as 'bank official' on the pretext of updating account data after the introduction of GST, according to police. "The fraudster asked the woman for her credit card details, saying the data update would benefit the bank's customers," police said. He withdrew ?49,999 from her account after she gave the information. \r\n A cybercriminal posed as a bank official and cheated a 32-year-old woman from Versova of Rs49,999, said police.The man called the 35-year-old woman at 11.15 am on Sunday, saying the  bank needed to update its data following the introduction of the Goods and Services Tax (GST). ?The fraudster asked the woman for her credit card details, saying the data update would benefit the bank?s customers,? said an officer from the Versova police station.After the woman gave the fraudster he details, he withdrew Rs49,999 from her account.On getting text messages on her mobile informing her about the transaction, the woman asked the Versova police to file a FIR. The police are in the process of tracing the accused?s phone. ?Despite several reminders from the police and the media, people continue to fall prey to such scams. People should never share details of their debit or credit card with anyone. A genuine bank official will never call you and ask for your details,? said a cyber expert. \r\nThe National Investigation Agency has arrested Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani's son-in-law Altaf Shah and six other Kashmiri separatists in a probe linked to terrorist funding. The agency is probing if funds from Pakistan were used to fuel the unrest triggered by terrorist Burhan Wani's death last year that left 100 people dead in the Kashmir Valley.\r\nThe National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Monday arrested seven Kashmiri separatist leaders, including hardline Hurriyat chief Syed Ali Shah Geelani?s son-in-law Altaf Ahmed Shah, in a probe linked to terrorist funding.The NIA is investigating if funds from Pakistan were used to fuel last year?s unrest in the Kashmir Valley that left 100 people dead.Tehreek-e-Hurriyat?s Ayaz Akbar and Mehrajuddin Kalwal, Shahid-ul-Islam, who is from the Mirwaiz faction of the Hurriyat, Nayeem Khan of the Jammu Kashmir National Front and Peer Saifullah were arrested in Srinagar.Farooq Ahmed Dar aka Bitta Karatay was taken into custody in New Delhi.The six leaders held in Srinagar were brought to New Delhi for questioning and to appear before a court.Shah, popularly known as Altaf Fantoosh, was under preventive detention of Jammu and Kashmir police from early July.In the past few weeks, the NIA raided places across Kashmir, New Delhi and Haryana looking for evidence of separatist leaders and businessmen receiving funds from Hafiz Saeed, who heads the Jamaat-ud-Dawa group, and other Pakistan-based militant outfits.Kashmir was rocked by violent protests after Hizbul Mujahideen militant Burhan Wani was killed in a gunfight with security forces on July 8, 2016.The Hurriyat leadership called for a bandh in Kashmir on Tuesday to protest the arrest of its leaders.Geelani, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Yasin Malik, in a joint statement, called the strike to condemn the ?revengeful, arbitrary and illegal arrests of Hurriyat leaders?.The Mirwaiz ?tweeted the arrests were aimed at misleading the people.?Drama enacted by govt using the NIA to malign people?s political movement & leadership in Kashmir & to mislead people of India. Lies, propaganda..,? he tweeted.The Hurriyat statement did not mention Nayeem Khan and Bitta Karatay.Khan was suspended by the Geelani-led Hurriyat after his alleged confession of receiving funds in a TV sting operation. Karatay is associated with a lesser-known faction of the JKLF.\r\nSerbian tennis player Novak Djokovic has announced he will miss the remaining 2017 season, including the US Open, following an elbow injury. The world number four had retired from his Wimbledon quarter-final, admitting he had been feeling pain in his elbow for 18 months. His absence from the US Open ends a run of 51 consecutive appearances at Grand Slams.\r\nNovak Djokovic will miss the rest of the tennis season with a persistent elbow injury and has announced that Andre Agassi has agreed to remain part of his team next year.After 12 months of upheaval on and off the court, speculation had mounted that Djokovic would take an extended break from tennis in order to recover from the right-elbow injury that forced him to retire during his Wimbledon quarter-final against Tomas Berdych. But while the 30-year-old?s decision to listen to medical advice means he will be absent from next month?s US Open, the world No4 vowed to return stronger than ever and expressed his happiness that Agassi will continue to coach him in 2018.?I will take this time to heal and do all the different suggested methods of rehabilitation and healing processes so I can get back on the court as soon as possible,? Djokovic said. ?It will take a couple of months at least without a racket and I hope after that I can start to train. I?m looking forward to building my body and my game and my team.?I?m happy to share that Andre Agassi is committed to stay with me next year. I want to thank Andre for being with me this year and sharing his experience and wisdom and I?m looking forward to getting back on the practice courts with him and having him in the box for any big tournaments.?Djokovic?s announcement came exactly a year after Roger Federer cut short his 2016 season with a knee injury. Written off at the time, Federer returned from six months out to win the Australian Open in January and Wimbledon earlier this month.Djokovic, who was speaking in Belgrade, hopes that a similar period of rest will allow him to rediscover his spark. The Serb has struggled ever since completing his career slam at last year?s French Open. He opted for the ?shock therapy? of ripping up his coaching team earlier this year before reaching out to Agassi, who joined him at Roland Garros on an exploratory basis, but Djokovic ran out of steam when the elbow problem that has troubled him for 18 months flared up against Berdych at Wimbledon.He has since sought advice from specialists, including the Serbian doctor Zdenko Milinkovic, who said Djokovic is suffering from a ?bruised bone due to excessive playing?.Djokovic has won 12 grand slams and has not missed one since making his debut at the 2005 Australian Open. He is set to slip to fifth in the rankings on Monday and could drop out of the top 10 by the end of the year. But Djokovic preferred to focus on the positives after his latest setback.?I?m very grateful, that?s the strongest emotion I?m feeling lately, even though as a professional it is not an easy decision to swallow,? he said.?I haven?t skipped any big tournament. I have played all the grand slams and probably 90% of the 1000 Masters series events. I was blessed to have a lot of success. I?m grateful for that. But I?m also very grateful that I kept my body very healthy throughout the years. I haven?t had too many injuries and especially no big injuries like this one that would keep me away from the tour for longer than a month.?It?s a new experience for me, new circumstances, but I?m trying to look at it from a brighter side. I have time where I can dedicate myself to healing and building up my body and strength and focusing on certain elements of my game that I never had time to work on. Now I have time to perfect it and build the foundations for the next five years or more. I really want to play professional tennis for years to come.?\r\nA panchayat in Pakistan's Punjab province has asked a man to rape a 16-year-old girl in front of her family as punishment after her brother was accused of raping the man's sister, police said on Wednesday. The same act should be repeated with the accused's sister as justice, the village council claimed. Police arrested the head of the panchayat.\r\nA village council in Pakistan?s Punjab province asked a man to rape a 16-year-old girl in front of her family as punishment after her brother was accused of raping the man?s sister, police said.Police have arrested 20 people after the incident that took place on July 18 in Rajpur village in Muzaffarabad in the province, Multan division police chief Ahsan Younis said.?We have arrested 20 people including the head of the village council for ordering rape of the sister of Umer Wadda of Rajpur village,? Younis told PTI.He said Wadda was accused of raping the teenage sister of Ashfaq of his locality on July 16.?The matter was brought to the village council that unanimously\xa0ordered the rape of Wadda?s sister by Ashfaq. The Wadda?s family protested over the decision but it was told that justice could only be done if the same act was repeated with the accused?s sister,? he said.Younis said the police sprang into action when the girl?s family reported the matter two days ago.?The victim?s family did not report the matter until Monday. We have registered separate FIRs against Ashfaq and over 30 village council members, and Wadda,? he said, adding that the police was investigating all aspects of the case.?We are also investigating whether the sister of Wadda was raped in front of her parents and the brother (which is the claim of the Wadda family),? he said.He added that the station house officer of Muzafarabad police had become a complainant in the case so that both parties cannot reach a compromise and withdraw the FIRs against each other.It is the same district where in early 2000, Mukhtaran Mai was raped on the order of the village council, triggering an international outrage.Rights activist and former Supreme Court Bar Association Asma Jehangir said a number of such cases are not reported.?It is unfortunate that the victims do not approach the police to redress the grievances,? she said, adding there is a need to create awareness among the people especially of rural areas in this regard.\r\nHollywood studio Warner Bros. has announced December 13, 2019 as the release date for the sequel to the 2017 film 'Wonder Woman'. It has been reported that Gal Gadot will return as the titular character while the return of Patty Jenkins as the director has not been confirmed yet. Notably, 'Wonder Woman' became the highest-grossing film by a female director. \r\nWonder Woman 2 is set to storm theatres on December 13, 2019, Warner Bros. announced the date late Tuesday.Wonder Woman star Gal Gadot is set to reprise her role as Diana of Themyscira. But a director has yet to be set. Patty Jenkins is still in negotiations for the job.This image released by Warner Bros. Entertainment shows Gal Gadot in a scene from Wonder Woman. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tJenkins? Wonder Woman is still chugging along at the box office, with over $389.7 million from North American theatres. It recently surpassed Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 to become the top domestic earner of the summer movie season and the second-highest of the year, behind Beauty and the Beast.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActress Kajol, on being asked if she is open to working with Karan Johar, hinted that she may not work with him in future. "If any of my other friends want to offer me a film I'll definitely do it," she added. Kajol further said, "You can't work alongside [people] if you don't talk".\r\nThey were one of the most popular Bollywood buddies once upon a time and have given hits such as Kuch Kuch Hota Hai and My Name Is Khan, but Kajol now refrains from even talking about filmmaker Karan Johar. The actress also hints that chances of her teaming up with the filmmaker again are remote.Actors Kajol, Dhanush with director Soundarya Rajinikanth during the promotion of their upcoming film VIP 2in New Delhi on July 24.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tKajol said, ?If you?re not comfortable with the people you?re working with, if you cannot speak up, or speak to the people you?re working with....I think communication is a key element in working with people. You can?t work alongside them if you don?t talk.?In his autobiography, Karan had said his nearly 25-year-long friendship with Kajol ended prior to the release of his and her actor-filmmaker husband Ajay Devgn?s films -- Ae Dil Hai Mushkil and Shivaay. The two films clashed at the box office during Diwali last year. Ajay had said ?nasty? things to him before the release of films and so he vowed ?no matter what, she?s out of my life?, Karan wrote.When asked if she is open to work with Karan, Kajol says, ?Let me put it this way, I am not answering any questions on that particular point. If any of my other friends want to offer me a film I?ll definitely do it.?The 42-year-old actress says even now, working with people she is comfortable with plays a big part in choosing roles, and that was one of the reasons she gave her nod to upcoming Tamil film, ?VIP 2?.    @manishmalhotra05 and me once again? A post shared by Kajol Devgan (@kajol) on Jul 2, 2017 at 8:35am PDT The actress features in the Soundarya Rajinikanth- directed film along with Dhanush. This is her second Tamil movie after Minsara Kanavu (1997). ?I would not have been able to do this film, taken that chance with the film which is in another language without knowing that Dhanush and Soundarya would back me up and safeguard me,? she adds.VIP 2 is a sequel to the 2014 comedy-drama VIP and stars Dhanush, Amala Paul, Vivek, Saranya Ponvannan and Samuthirakani returning from the first film.Soundarya had made her directorial debut with Kochadaiyaan which featured her father, Rajinikanth.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Ministry of Railways has cancelled a caterer's contract after a passenger found dead lizard in vegetable biryani served on Howrah-New Delhi Poorva Express. The passenger had ordered and eaten the dish without noticing the lizard but felt unwell later, a co-passenger tweeted. The incident follows CAG's report stating food on trains is "unfit for human consumption".\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 26 (PTI) The railway ministry today cancelled a caterers contract after a passenger found a dead lizard in his vegetable biryani served on a Delhi-bound train from Howrah, a ministry spokesperson said. The passenger had ordered and eaten the dish without noticing the lizard but felt unwell later, a co-passenger, Meghna Sinha, said in a series of Tweets yesterday. "In view of the Railways zero tolerance policy towards poor quality and overcharging of food, the railway administration has terminated the contract of the catering contractor, R K Associates, for the Howrah-New Delhi Poorva Express," Railway Ministry spokesperson A K Saxena told PTI. Sinha had shot a photograph of the biryani packet, uploaded it on Twitter and tagged the Indian Railways. In another Tweet, she tagged Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu. The ministry tweeted today that the catering contract on Poorva Express was given to R K Associates on May 15, 2014, for five years. The caterer was fined Rs 10 lakh last year and Rs 7.5 lakh, it said in another Tweet. The passenger, who had asked for the biryani when the train was near Jhajha, Bihar, also uploaded a complaint on Twitter. Responding to the complaint, the ministers office asked the traveller for travel details. "Kindly share your PNR number," it tweeted and tagged the concerned catering department. The passenger underwent a health check-up in Patna, Buxar and then again at Mughalsarai in UP, where senior rail officers were also present, officials said. The spokesperson said in the last six months, the administration had terminated the contracts of eight catering units. "It is unprecedented the number of contracts that we have terminated in the past six months. In the last year, 16 such contractors were also blacklisted. We have also financially penalised the offenders," Saxena said. \r\nThe Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) spent ?9,055 crore over the last eight years towards issuing Aadhaar numbers. This includes an expenditure of nearly ?3,820 crore towards enrolment and ?1,171 crore towards logistics like printing and dispatching of Aadhaar letters. Notably, a total of about 116.09 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated up to July 21, 2017.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 26 (PTI) The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) spent more than Rs 9,000 crore over the last eight years towards issuing Aadhaar numbers, Parliament was informed today. "The total expenditure of the UIDAI since 2009-10 to 2017-18 (up to July 18, 2017) is Rs 9,055.73 crore," Minister of State for Electronics and IT P P Chaudhary said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha. This includes an expenditure of Rs 3,819.97 crore towards enrolment and Rs 1,171.45 crore towards logistics (printing and despatch of Aadhaar letters), he added. A total of about 116.09 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated up to July 21, 2017, of which about 115.15 crore have been despatched. To a separate query, Chaudhary said Aadhaar seeding in the beneficiary database is an important component of direct benefit transfer (DBT) for better targeting of beneficiaries and ensuring such transfer in a transparent and efficient manner. \r\nJD(U)'s Nitish Kumar did not rule out taking BJP's support for forming a new government in Bihar following his resignation as the Chief Minister on Wednesday. Claiming that it had become difficult to run the ruling Congress-JD(U)-RJD alliance in the prevailing circumstances, Kumar added that he was not blaming anyone for his resignation.\r\nIn dramatic developments in Bihar, Nitish Kumar on Wednesday resigned as chief minister, dumping the RJD and Congress to stitch a new alliance with BJP, which quickly announced support to a new government under him. Kumar, whose resignation was immediately accepted by governor Keshari Nath Tripathi, will take oath at the chief minister at 5pm on Thursday.?In the circumstances that prevail in Bihar, it became difficult to run the grand alliance government,? Kumar told reporters outside Raj Bhavan after submitting his resignation to governor Keshri Nath Tripathi.Prime Minister Narendra Modi hailed Kumar?s resignation, saying in doing so he has joined the fight against corruption. Immediately after Kumar announced his resignation, Modi tweeted: ?Congratulations! Mr Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption.?Here are Wednesday?s highlights on the political crisis in Bihar:12.30am: Lalu Prasad says: ?Nitish Kumar has underlined that he is an opportunist. Having done what he has, he cannot stake claim without a challenge. The Congress, CPI-ML and independents will back our claims to form the next government... Struggle is my life. I have to be in Ranchi for the next three days. However, Tejashwi has been asked to present the claim to the governor in the forenoon tomorrow.?12.28am: Tejashwi Yadav along with RJD delegation will meet Bihar governor KN Tripathi at 11 am on Thursday; to stake claim for forming government.12.07am: Taking a letter of support to governor to stake claim for forming government: Prem Kumar, BJP, on Sushil Modi and Nitish Kumar?s meet with governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.12.04am: Have asked Governor for time to meet, being the largest party we will stake claim to from government, tweets Tejashwi Yadav. We will also get support from JDU MLAs, he says.11.56pm: Nitish Kumar, Sushil Modi and BJP, JDU leaders leave for Raj Bhavan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.11.11pm: Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi reaches Raj Bhavan after being discharged from hospital.10.36pm: Nitish Kumar to take oath as CM of Bihar at 5pm tomorrow.10.31pm: Bihar governor KN Tripathi admitted to Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences in Patna due to an ENT problem.10.20pm: Nitish may take oath on Thursday. A meeting of JD(U) and BJP MLAs is underway.10.07pm: When Nitish Kumar broke alliance with BJP in 2013 he choreographed and followed the same script to secure himself. He surrenders as per needs: Lalu Prasad?s tweet9.55pm: Sushil Modi says BJP has handed over a letter of support to the governor, and will be part of the new government. All NDA members are heading to 1, Aney Marg to elect Nitish Kumar as the leader, Modi adds.9.49pm: Sushil Modi, Nityanand Rai and other BJP MLAs reach Nitish Kumar?s residence in Patna for a meeting of JDU-BJP MLAs, reports ANI.9.30pm: Sushil Kumar Modi says BJP will be part of the government under Nitish Kumar. BJP and JD(U) leaders are headed to the Raj Bhawan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.9.02pm: ?There are charges against both Nitish and Tejashwi. The MLAs of the Grand Alliance parties should sit down and pick a new leader. Bihar?s poor, deprived and reservation-backed sections gave the Grand Alliance historic majority against the BJP. This is foeticide of the Grand Alliance? There were corruption allegations against us before. Did Nitish Kumar not know while making an alliance and forming a government?? -- Lalu Prasad?s tweets9.01pm: Nityanand Rai and I called Nitish Ji. The BJP decides to support him; we will support the government formed under him. We will inform the governor also: ANI?quotes Sushil Modi as saying9pm: Thank PM Modi for his tweet on my decision, tweets Nitish Kumar after resigning as Bihar CM8.55pm: There?s involvement of Narendra Modi. Nitish Kumar slapped people of Bihar. People like Sushil Modi are eager to form a government in Bihar: Lalu Prasad8.40pm: Meeting underway at Lalu Prasad?s residence in Patna. Rabri Devi, Tejashwi Yadav, Tej Pratap Yadav and senior RJD leaders present.8.23pm: CP Joshi was informed at the governor?s house; he asked Kumar to wait. Joshi said he will get back after a word with Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi: ANI quotes sources8.21pm: Nitish Kumar did not inform Rahul Gandhi about his intention to resign in their meeting: ANI?quotes sources.8.02pm: I appeal to Nitish Kumar... All RJD, JD(U) and Congress MLAs should sit down and pick new leader and make a government... His unwillingness to do so will prove he has already struck a deal with the BJP: Lalu Prasad7.59pm: The BJP welcomes the battle against corruption in Bihar; not in favour of midterm elections... A three-member panel from Bihar will report to central leadership for final call: JP Nadda after the BJP?s parliamentary board meeting.7.58pm: We are deeply disappointed by the news of Nitish Kumar?s resignation. The Congress respects Nitish Kumar as a leader: Randeep Surjewala, Congress7.57pm: Nitish Kumar knew that he is accused of section 302; one of India?s CM is main accused in murder and arms case : Lalu Prasad7.51pm: Nitish Kumar had said that he will never join hands with BJP: Lalu Prasad7.50pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad says did not speak to the press over corruption allegations against  Tejashwi following lawyers? advice. 7.49pm: Nitish Kumar did not ask for resignation: RJD chief Lalu Prasad at a press conference after Nitish Kumar quits as Bihar CM.7.45pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad to address a press conference shortly.7.42pm: We are happy that Bihar CM didn?t compromise on issue of corruption and did not kneel down before RJD: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.36pm: We don?t want midterm elections in Bihar. The MLAs should complete their term. A three-member committee will talk to MLAs and apprise the Centre of the situation in the state: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.26pm: Source say BJP legislature party to finalise support without preconditions at its meeting late evening today.7.25pm: Nitish-Lalu alliance was a mismatch. This had to happen: Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Nitish Kumar?s resignation7.24pm: PM Narendra Modi arrives for BJP parliamentary meeting in Delhi.7.09pm: The country and time require that for the bright future of India, and especially Bihar, people need to rise above political disputes and fight against corruption together: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.09pm: I congratulate Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption. The 1.25 billion people of the country are welcoming and supporting his honesty: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.08pm: Before resigning, I had informed Laluji and Congress Bihar in-charge CP Joshi: Nitish Kumar.7.05pm: Gandhiji always said needs can be met on the Earth, but greed can never be fulfilled: Nitish Kumar7.04pm: I am not blaming anyone, those who want to blame me are free to do so: Nitish Kumar7.02pm: I felt that for a person like me it was not possible to run this government. I don?t want to create a dispute... When I saw there was no other way... I broke myself away (from the alliance with the RJD). The governor has accepted my resignation, and asked me to continue working till the next development.6.58pm: We worked in the alliance till the point we could: Nitish Kumar6.57pm: If there are charges then they must have replied to it. We felt they were not in a position to speak: Nitish Kumar6.56pm: It?s not possible to work in this environment; I tried. Tried to find out a solution: Nitish Kumar6.52pm: The situation is such that it?s not possible to work. Whatever we do, the discussion is only about one thing: Nitish Kumar6.50pm: Not possible to work in the grand alliance. We made all attempts. We never asked for anyone?s resignation: Nitish Kumar6.34pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar reaches Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi amid speculation that he may resign.6.33pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on his way to Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.\r\nBharatiya Janata Party (BJP) President Amit Shah, and Information and Broadcasting Minister Smriti Irani will contest the Rajya Sabha elections from Gujarat, the party announced on Wednesday. Shah is currently an MLA in Gujarat, while Smriti Irani has been re-nominated to the Rajya Sabha. This is reportedly aimed at strengthening BJP's presence in the Rajya Sabha.\r\nIn a late evening development, the BJP stung everyone by making a surprise announcement. The party after its parliamentary board meeting announced that party president, Amit Shah has been nominated to contest the Rajya Sabha elections from Gujarat.This announcement comes at a time when, of the total 11 Rajya Sabha members from the state, the term of three of them - Smriti Irani and Dilipbhai Pandya (both BJP) and Congress' Ahmed Patel - is coming to an end on August 18.The BJP now has also decided to field Smriti Irani from Gujarat for the August 8 elections to the Upper House of Parliament.SHAH-MODI DUO A HIT COMBINATION?52-year-old Shah, is also an MLA from Gujarat's Naranpura constituency. The Shah-Modi duo have been known in unbreakable since their alliance in Gujarat state politics, followed by the subsequent move to Delhi in 2014 after the BJP's landslide victory in the General elections under Prime Minister Modi's leadership.This latest development was unanticipated, and is drawing much curiosity around the possibility of Shah entering the Union government, with his candidature for the Rajya Sabha polls.Also read | Amit Shah's Jaipur visit galvanises BJP's Rajasthan unit\r\nFilm editor-writer Apurva Asrani, known for his work in films like 'Aligarh' and 'Shahid', has penned a poem on the mob culture in India, where he wrote about "web-warriors" and "140 character zombies". His poem begins with the lines, "We are the mob and the mob is us. Left-wing, right-wing or in the centre, what difference does it make?"\r\nBollywood editor and writer Apurva Asrani, best known for his films with Hansal Mehta (Aligarh, Shahid),  has written a poem on the mob culture. India has recently witnessed a host of public lynchings.Asrani wrote the poem on his Facebook wall last week and it is being shared across the platform ever since. In the strongly worded poem, Asrani points out the lack of rationale in our current scenario with hashtags and click-baity headlines holding the sway. Here is the entire text of the poem: We are the mob and the mob is us.Left-wing, right-wing or in the centre, what difference does it make?Aren?t we all just looking for a fight, since we?re always right & the other fake?Not thoughts or feelings, but trending hashtags tell us where to draw daggers, and how deep.And before we hit the jugular, we are wowed  by another trend, another bend, and we unflinchingly take the leap.Dog thrown from a roof, child fallen in a well,Valentine villains volley, kittens rescued from hell.Perverted politicians exposed, potholes all the way, #SelfieWithMamma is trending; smile, its mothers day.Then there?s #climatechange #harassment  #feminism and #gayrights.Like bloodhounds we wait on standby, For an invisible god to ?trend? the next fight.140 character zombies, will then rise on two sides.Each will uphold an idea of ?truth? that?s either black or it is white.Their truth is ?the? truth, They have no time for nuance.Craven web-warriors will turn lynch mobs,dancing in a deathly digital trance.?Slam?, ?demolish?, ?destroy?; headlines appear to provoke outrage.Hypnotised by clever click-bait, we are programmed to spew hate.Often, a stray opinion will wander,into this curfew of manufactured truth,seeking no alliance with black nor white,and with original thought to boot.But contradictions will be silenced, and trolled with damning labels. And if it endures, persists and kicks back, Of a new hashtag it may be found able.The stray thought will then be co-opted,A following of its own it will make.And when it starts to believe its own legend,fast fingers will claw at its facade.After all, we are the mob and the mob is us.Apurva was recently in news when he got into a row with Kangana Ranaut over the writing credits of Hansal Mehta?s next starring Kangana, Simran. While film writer-editor Apurva Asrani expressed his discomfort with Kangana getting credit for ?additional story and dialogues?, Kangana claimed to have effectively written the entire film.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActor Ram Kapoor has said that the career choices Sunny Leone has made in her life have no bearing on the kind of parent she will be. Sunny and her husband Daniel Weber recently adopted a baby girl named Nisha. Ram added, "Whatever her past is, she has done that in a country where it's allowed and legal."\r\nEver since actor Sunny Leone and husband, businessman Daniel Weber, adopted a baby girl, Nisha Kaur Weber,  people from the film fraternity have been congratulating the couple. However, nasty tongues have been at work too. Not sparing a good deed, trolls are pointing fingers at Sunny?s past  and saying that having an adult film star for a mother will affect the child?s future. Reacting to these shameless trolls, actor Ram Kapoor, who has worked with Sunny in the film Kuch Kuch Locha Hai (2015), says it?s completely wrong for people to say things against her based on her past career choices.?I find this absolutely ridiculous. People need to realise that she has not broken any laws. Whatever her past is and whatever her choices have been, she has done that in a country where it?s allowed and legal, and not in this country where it?s illegal. She has made her choice as an adult and she lives by them. She is not one of those women who regrets any of her decisions or past. She is very level-headed,? says Ram.    Sunny Leone and her husband Daniel Weber adopted a little angel & named her Nisha Kaur Weber. ? My heart is so happy for this cute family! Ugh, huge respect for these two amazing souls. ?? A post shared by hindi cinema (@bollywoodbaarish) on Jul 22, 2017 at 10:07am PDT While some trolls said that Indian authorities should not have allowed Sunny to adopt a girl, others are worried what the child will go through when she?ll Google  her parents once she grows up. Stating that Sunny and Daniel are sensible people, Ram adds, ?I?ve spent a lot of time with them and they obviously would have thought about this for a long time before they decided to go ahead with adoption. [Also] On how she will raise her child or what will the child go through when she finds out about her parents? past, is something that is private to them and their family.?    Another shot of #nishaweber #nishakaurweber #sunnyleone #danielweber #bollyholics__ A post shared by BOLLYHOLICS (@bollyholics__) on Jul 23, 2017 at 4:04am PDT Ram lashes out at those who say that Sunny won?t be a good mother. ? The [career] choices you have made in life have no bearing on what kind of a parent you are going to be. What if you were some banker or were an employee in an office, but you were a shitty parent??Ram feels that it is high time people stop trolling celebrities on their personal life and should respect their choices. ?You can  discuss, talk about their work, fashion sense and whatever they do in their professional life. India needs to grow up. When the person has not broken any law and hasn?t upset any system in any way, and has technically made all her choices by herself and with her own mind, and not under pressure or stress from someone else, then what business does anyone else have to judge him or her?? asks the actor.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nFilmmaker Vipul Shah has said that the upcoming Arjun Kapoor and Parineeti Chopra starrer 'Namastey Canada' is not a sequel to his 2007 directorial 'Namastey London' and instead has a totally fresh script. Talking about the film, Parineeti said, "It is desi with a videsi heart...Arjun and I...will be playing to our Punjabi strengths but speak to the global audience."\r\nDirector Vipul Shah is all set to don the director?s hat once again for Namastey Canada. The director- producer has finalised Arjun Kapoor and Parineeti Chopra as the lead cast. Arjun Kapoor and Parineeti Chopra will be seen romancing each other once again in his forthcoming project. Vipul would be reuniting the duo after their hit debut Ishaaqzaade.While the name suggests it is a sequel to Vipul?s Namastey London, the filmmaker claims it is not. ?I want to put the record straight, this is not a sequel of Namastey London. This is a totally fresh script,? he said in a press statement. ?I would love to thank Akshay Kumar for standing with me and showing tremendous grace in giving me the title Namastey Canada. I am very happy that Arjun and Parineeti have agreed to join me in this journey and I hope that this film can become one of their best outings,? he added.Talking about the film, Arjun said, ?I?m super excited to be a part of this film. I?ve enjoyed all of Vipul sir?s films - Aankhen, Waqt, and most recently, Namastey London. It is exciting that after working with giants like Mr. Bachchan and Akshay Kumar, he?s chosen me for his next directorial venture. Namastey Canada has all the heart & humour of a fun family entertainer and I?m looking forward to the journey of bringing it alive on celluloid.??Namastey Canada is exactly the film I was looking for! It is desi with a videsi heart or maybe videsi with a desi heart!. Arjun and I are so excited to get this party on the floor. We will be playing to our Punjabi strengths but speak to the global audience. Also, I am so excited to be directed by Vipul sir, with whom, I share an amazing friendship in the last few years.?Vipul Amrutlal Shah has directed Action Replayy, Aankhen, Waqt, Namastey London and has also produced films like Singh Is Kinng and Holiday.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nIndia's 399/3 against Sri Lanka on the first day of the Galle Test is the team's second-highest score on day one, and the highest first day score by India overseas. Shikhar Dhawan and Cheteshwar Pujara scored centuries, marking the third instance of two Indians scoring centuries on day one. India's total also surpassed the highest first day total in SL.\r\nThe Indian batsmen cashed in on a flat track at the Galle International stadium and made the Sri Lankan bowlers toil hard throughout day 1 after winning the toss and opting to bat in the first Test on Wednesday.Centuries from opener Shikhar Dhawan (190) and Cheteshwar Pujara (144 not out) helped India reach 399/3 at stumps with Ajinkya Rahane also batting on 39.India rode on a 253-run second wicket effort between Dhawan and Pujara to surpass the highest ever first day's total of 351 runs in Sri Lanka.Later, Pujara and Rahane added another 113 runs for the fourth-wicket to take the visitors to their second ever highest opening day's total.Abhinav Mukund (12) and captain Virat Kohli (3) were the only two batsmen who failed to get going on a pitch which had no assistance whatsoever for the bowlers - pacers or spinners.As a result, India broke quite a few records during the day. Here's a look at the numbers from the first day's play.- 190 is the highest individual score for Shikhar Dhawan after the 187 he scored in his maiden Test innings against Australia in Mohali in March 2013.- 399/3 is India's highest total on Day 1 of an away Test. Previous best was 375/9 vs New Zealand at Wellington in 2009.- This is also India's third highest score on Day 1 of a Test match, home or away, and also the highest for any side vs Sri Lanka in Sri Lanka.- This is only the third instance when India have opened the innings with two left-handers - Dhawan and Mukund after Gautam Gambhir-Irfan Pathan (2005) and Gambhir-Mukund (2011).\r\nExpressing support for Bihar CM Nitish Kumar after his resignation, PM Narendra Modi tweeted, "Congratulations to Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption." He further added that the 125 crore citizens of the country welcome and support his honesty. Kumar had submitted his resignation to Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi citing a crisis in the ruling Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance.\r\nIn dramatic developments in Bihar, Nitish Kumar on Wednesday resigned as chief minister, dumping the RJD and Congress to stitch a new alliance with BJP, which quickly announced support to a new government under him. Kumar, whose resignation was immediately accepted by governor Keshari Nath Tripathi, will take oath at the chief minister at 5pm on Thursday.?In the circumstances that prevail in Bihar, it became difficult to run the grand alliance government,? Kumar told reporters outside Raj Bhavan after submitting his resignation to governor Keshri Nath Tripathi.Prime Minister Narendra Modi hailed Kumar?s resignation, saying in doing so he has joined the fight against corruption. Immediately after Kumar announced his resignation, Modi tweeted: ?Congratulations! Mr Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption.?Here are Wednesday?s highlights on the political crisis in Bihar:12.30am: Lalu Prasad says: ?Nitish Kumar has underlined that he is an opportunist. Having done what he has, he cannot stake claim without a challenge. The Congress, CPI-ML and independents will back our claims to form the next government... Struggle is my life. I have to be in Ranchi for the next three days. However, Tejashwi has been asked to present the claim to the governor in the forenoon tomorrow.?12.28am: Tejashwi Yadav along with RJD delegation will meet Bihar governor KN Tripathi at 11 am on Thursday; to stake claim for forming government.12.07am: Taking a letter of support to governor to stake claim for forming government: Prem Kumar, BJP, on Sushil Modi and Nitish Kumar?s meet with governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.12.04am: Have asked Governor for time to meet, being the largest party we will stake claim to from government, tweets Tejashwi Yadav. We will also get support from JDU MLAs, he says.11.56pm: Nitish Kumar, Sushil Modi and BJP, JDU leaders leave for Raj Bhavan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.11.11pm: Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi reaches Raj Bhavan after being discharged from hospital.10.36pm: Nitish Kumar to take oath as CM of Bihar at 5pm tomorrow.10.31pm: Bihar governor KN Tripathi admitted to Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences in Patna due to an ENT problem.10.20pm: Nitish may take oath on Thursday. A meeting of JD(U) and BJP MLAs is underway.10.07pm: When Nitish Kumar broke alliance with BJP in 2013 he choreographed and followed the same script to secure himself. He surrenders as per needs: Lalu Prasad?s tweet9.55pm: Sushil Modi says BJP has handed over a letter of support to the governor, and will be part of the new government. All NDA members are heading to 1, Aney Marg to elect Nitish Kumar as the leader, Modi adds.9.49pm: Sushil Modi, Nityanand Rai and other BJP MLAs reach Nitish Kumar?s residence in Patna for a meeting of JDU-BJP MLAs, reports ANI.9.30pm: Sushil Kumar Modi says BJP will be part of the government under Nitish Kumar. BJP and JD(U) leaders are headed to the Raj Bhawan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.9.02pm: ?There are charges against both Nitish and Tejashwi. The MLAs of the Grand Alliance parties should sit down and pick a new leader. Bihar?s poor, deprived and reservation-backed sections gave the Grand Alliance historic majority against the BJP. This is foeticide of the Grand Alliance? There were corruption allegations against us before. Did Nitish Kumar not know while making an alliance and forming a government?? -- Lalu Prasad?s tweets9.01pm: Nityanand Rai and I called Nitish Ji. The BJP decides to support him; we will support the government formed under him. We will inform the governor also: ANI?quotes Sushil Modi as saying9pm: Thank PM Modi for his tweet on my decision, tweets Nitish Kumar after resigning as Bihar CM8.55pm: There?s involvement of Narendra Modi. Nitish Kumar slapped people of Bihar. People like Sushil Modi are eager to form a government in Bihar: Lalu Prasad8.40pm: Meeting underway at Lalu Prasad?s residence in Patna. Rabri Devi, Tejashwi Yadav, Tej Pratap Yadav and senior RJD leaders present.8.23pm: CP Joshi was informed at the governor?s house; he asked Kumar to wait. Joshi said he will get back after a word with Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi: ANI quotes sources8.21pm: Nitish Kumar did not inform Rahul Gandhi about his intention to resign in their meeting: ANI?quotes sources.8.02pm: I appeal to Nitish Kumar... All RJD, JD(U) and Congress MLAs should sit down and pick new leader and make a government... His unwillingness to do so will prove he has already struck a deal with the BJP: Lalu Prasad7.59pm: The BJP welcomes the battle against corruption in Bihar; not in favour of midterm elections... A three-member panel from Bihar will report to central leadership for final call: JP Nadda after the BJP?s parliamentary board meeting.7.58pm: We are deeply disappointed by the news of Nitish Kumar?s resignation. The Congress respects Nitish Kumar as a leader: Randeep Surjewala, Congress7.57pm: Nitish Kumar knew that he is accused of section 302; one of India?s CM is main accused in murder and arms case : Lalu Prasad7.51pm: Nitish Kumar had said that he will never join hands with BJP: Lalu Prasad7.50pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad says did not speak to the press over corruption allegations against  Tejashwi following lawyers? advice. 7.49pm: Nitish Kumar did not ask for resignation: RJD chief Lalu Prasad at a press conference after Nitish Kumar quits as Bihar CM.7.45pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad to address a press conference shortly.7.42pm: We are happy that Bihar CM didn?t compromise on issue of corruption and did not kneel down before RJD: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.36pm: We don?t want midterm elections in Bihar. The MLAs should complete their term. A three-member committee will talk to MLAs and apprise the Centre of the situation in the state: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.26pm: Source say BJP legislature party to finalise support without preconditions at its meeting late evening today.7.25pm: Nitish-Lalu alliance was a mismatch. This had to happen: Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Nitish Kumar?s resignation7.24pm: PM Narendra Modi arrives for BJP parliamentary meeting in Delhi.7.09pm: The country and time require that for the bright future of India, and especially Bihar, people need to rise above political disputes and fight against corruption together: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.09pm: I congratulate Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption. The 1.25 billion people of the country are welcoming and supporting his honesty: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.08pm: Before resigning, I had informed Laluji and Congress Bihar in-charge CP Joshi: Nitish Kumar.7.05pm: Gandhiji always said needs can be met on the Earth, but greed can never be fulfilled: Nitish Kumar7.04pm: I am not blaming anyone, those who want to blame me are free to do so: Nitish Kumar7.02pm: I felt that for a person like me it was not possible to run this government. I don?t want to create a dispute... When I saw there was no other way... I broke myself away (from the alliance with the RJD). The governor has accepted my resignation, and asked me to continue working till the next development.6.58pm: We worked in the alliance till the point we could: Nitish Kumar6.57pm: If there are charges then they must have replied to it. We felt they were not in a position to speak: Nitish Kumar6.56pm: It?s not possible to work in this environment; I tried. Tried to find out a solution: Nitish Kumar6.52pm: The situation is such that it?s not possible to work. Whatever we do, the discussion is only about one thing: Nitish Kumar6.50pm: Not possible to work in the grand alliance. We made all attempts. We never asked for anyone?s resignation: Nitish Kumar6.34pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar reaches Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi amid speculation that he may resign.6.33pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on his way to Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.\r\nRapper Kendrick Lamar received eight nominations for his music video 'Humble' at the MTV Video Music Award this year. He was followed by The Weeknd and Katy Perry, who received five nominations each. Notably, MTV has eliminated gendered categories for the Video Music Awards, similar to that of its Movie Awards which were held earlier this year.\r\nMTV has announced the nominees for the 2017 Video Music Awards, eliminating the gendered categories of years past and combining the awards for best male and female video into one category, artist of the year.The rapper Kendrick Lamar led the pack with eight nominations for the music video for Humble, while the Weeknd and Katy Perry were not far behind with five nods each. The nominees for the evening?s top prize, artist of the year, are Lamar, the Weeknd, Bruno Mars, Ed Sheeran, Ariana Grande and Lorde.The awards ceremony, which will take place on 27 August at the Forum in Inglewood, California, and will air on MTV that night, has always been a haven of controversy, having played host to some of the most infamous pop culture moments of the past decade, including Britney Spears? and Madonna?s notorious onstage kiss and Miley Cyrus?s risque 2013 performance with Robin Thicke.For its movie and TV awards, which aired in May, MTV decided to combine the categories of best actor and actress, doing away with distinctions between genders and opting instead to award one film and one television actor. This year?s winners were Emma Watson and Millie Bobby Brown.At the time, MTV general manager Amy Doyle told the Hollywood Reporter: ?Great acting is great acting, no matter what the gender or non-gender. And it really is reflective about the audience?s views and when you look at the culture as a whole, you had a man against a woman running for president [last year]. It just felt like a dated construct for a category.?Rihanna also earned several nominations for Wild Thoughts, her collaboration with DJ Khaled and Bryson Tiller, while SZA and Kodak Black were both nominated for best new artist. The VMAs also introduced a new category ? best fight against the system ? awarding music videos that ?inspire viewers to stand up and fight injustice?. In that category, Logic, Alessia Cara, John Legend, Big Sean and the Hamilton Mixtape all earned nominations.At the 2016 VMAs, Beyonc\xe9 went home with eight awards from 11 nominations, while Rihanna was awarded the video vanguard award after performing a medley of her hits.\r\nExplaining why he resigned as Bihar Chief Minister, JD(U)'s Nitish Kumar on Wednesday said he quit in the interest of the state. "I want Bihar's welfare and I tried to keep the alliance intact, but it didn't work," he added. Kumar has resigned citing a crisis in the ruling Congress-RJD-JD(U) alliance as the reason.\r\nIn dramatic developments in Bihar, Nitish Kumar on Wednesday resigned as chief minister, dumping the RJD and Congress to stitch a new alliance with BJP, which quickly announced support to a new government under him. Kumar, whose resignation was immediately accepted by governor Keshari Nath Tripathi, will take oath at the chief minister at 5pm on Thursday.?In the circumstances that prevail in Bihar, it became difficult to run the grand alliance government,? Kumar told reporters outside Raj Bhavan after submitting his resignation to governor Keshri Nath Tripathi.Prime Minister Narendra Modi hailed Kumar?s resignation, saying in doing so he has joined the fight against corruption. Immediately after Kumar announced his resignation, Modi tweeted: ?Congratulations! Mr Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption.?Here are Wednesday?s highlights on the political crisis in Bihar:12.30am: Lalu Prasad says: ?Nitish Kumar has underlined that he is an opportunist. Having done what he has, he cannot stake claim without a challenge. The Congress, CPI-ML and independents will back our claims to form the next government... Struggle is my life. I have to be in Ranchi for the next three days. However, Tejashwi has been asked to present the claim to the governor in the forenoon tomorrow.?12.28am: Tejashwi Yadav along with RJD delegation will meet Bihar governor KN Tripathi at 11 am on Thursday; to stake claim for forming government.12.07am: Taking a letter of support to governor to stake claim for forming government: Prem Kumar, BJP, on Sushil Modi and Nitish Kumar?s meet with governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.12.04am: Have asked Governor for time to meet, being the largest party we will stake claim to from government, tweets Tejashwi Yadav. We will also get support from JDU MLAs, he says.11.56pm: Nitish Kumar, Sushil Modi and BJP, JDU leaders leave for Raj Bhavan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.11.11pm: Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi reaches Raj Bhavan after being discharged from hospital.10.36pm: Nitish Kumar to take oath as CM of Bihar at 5pm tomorrow.10.31pm: Bihar governor KN Tripathi admitted to Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences in Patna due to an ENT problem.10.20pm: Nitish may take oath on Thursday. A meeting of JD(U) and BJP MLAs is underway.10.07pm: When Nitish Kumar broke alliance with BJP in 2013 he choreographed and followed the same script to secure himself. He surrenders as per needs: Lalu Prasad?s tweet9.55pm: Sushil Modi says BJP has handed over a letter of support to the governor, and will be part of the new government. All NDA members are heading to 1, Aney Marg to elect Nitish Kumar as the leader, Modi adds.9.49pm: Sushil Modi, Nityanand Rai and other BJP MLAs reach Nitish Kumar?s residence in Patna for a meeting of JDU-BJP MLAs, reports ANI.9.30pm: Sushil Kumar Modi says BJP will be part of the government under Nitish Kumar. BJP and JD(U) leaders are headed to the Raj Bhawan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.9.02pm: ?There are charges against both Nitish and Tejashwi. The MLAs of the Grand Alliance parties should sit down and pick a new leader. Bihar?s poor, deprived and reservation-backed sections gave the Grand Alliance historic majority against the BJP. This is foeticide of the Grand Alliance? There were corruption allegations against us before. Did Nitish Kumar not know while making an alliance and forming a government?? -- Lalu Prasad?s tweets9.01pm: Nityanand Rai and I called Nitish Ji. The BJP decides to support him; we will support the government formed under him. We will inform the governor also: ANI?quotes Sushil Modi as saying9pm: Thank PM Modi for his tweet on my decision, tweets Nitish Kumar after resigning as Bihar CM8.55pm: There?s involvement of Narendra Modi. Nitish Kumar slapped people of Bihar. People like Sushil Modi are eager to form a government in Bihar: Lalu Prasad8.40pm: Meeting underway at Lalu Prasad?s residence in Patna. Rabri Devi, Tejashwi Yadav, Tej Pratap Yadav and senior RJD leaders present.8.23pm: CP Joshi was informed at the governor?s house; he asked Kumar to wait. Joshi said he will get back after a word with Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi: ANI quotes sources8.21pm: Nitish Kumar did not inform Rahul Gandhi about his intention to resign in their meeting: ANI?quotes sources.8.02pm: I appeal to Nitish Kumar... All RJD, JD(U) and Congress MLAs should sit down and pick new leader and make a government... His unwillingness to do so will prove he has already struck a deal with the BJP: Lalu Prasad7.59pm: The BJP welcomes the battle against corruption in Bihar; not in favour of midterm elections... A three-member panel from Bihar will report to central leadership for final call: JP Nadda after the BJP?s parliamentary board meeting.7.58pm: We are deeply disappointed by the news of Nitish Kumar?s resignation. The Congress respects Nitish Kumar as a leader: Randeep Surjewala, Congress7.57pm: Nitish Kumar knew that he is accused of section 302; one of India?s CM is main accused in murder and arms case : Lalu Prasad7.51pm: Nitish Kumar had said that he will never join hands with BJP: Lalu Prasad7.50pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad says did not speak to the press over corruption allegations against  Tejashwi following lawyers? advice. 7.49pm: Nitish Kumar did not ask for resignation: RJD chief Lalu Prasad at a press conference after Nitish Kumar quits as Bihar CM.7.45pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad to address a press conference shortly.7.42pm: We are happy that Bihar CM didn?t compromise on issue of corruption and did not kneel down before RJD: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.36pm: We don?t want midterm elections in Bihar. The MLAs should complete their term. A three-member committee will talk to MLAs and apprise the Centre of the situation in the state: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.26pm: Source say BJP legislature party to finalise support without preconditions at its meeting late evening today.7.25pm: Nitish-Lalu alliance was a mismatch. This had to happen: Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Nitish Kumar?s resignation7.24pm: PM Narendra Modi arrives for BJP parliamentary meeting in Delhi.7.09pm: The country and time require that for the bright future of India, and especially Bihar, people need to rise above political disputes and fight against corruption together: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.09pm: I congratulate Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption. The 1.25 billion people of the country are welcoming and supporting his honesty: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.08pm: Before resigning, I had informed Laluji and Congress Bihar in-charge CP Joshi: Nitish Kumar.7.05pm: Gandhiji always said needs can be met on the Earth, but greed can never be fulfilled: Nitish Kumar7.04pm: I am not blaming anyone, those who want to blame me are free to do so: Nitish Kumar7.02pm: I felt that for a person like me it was not possible to run this government. I don?t want to create a dispute... When I saw there was no other way... I broke myself away (from the alliance with the RJD). The governor has accepted my resignation, and asked me to continue working till the next development.6.58pm: We worked in the alliance till the point we could: Nitish Kumar6.57pm: If there are charges then they must have replied to it. We felt they were not in a position to speak: Nitish Kumar6.56pm: It?s not possible to work in this environment; I tried. Tried to find out a solution: Nitish Kumar6.52pm: The situation is such that it?s not possible to work. Whatever we do, the discussion is only about one thing: Nitish Kumar6.50pm: Not possible to work in the grand alliance. We made all attempts. We never asked for anyone?s resignation: Nitish Kumar6.34pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar reaches Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi amid speculation that he may resign.6.33pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on his way to Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.\r\nAfter resigning as Bihar's Chief Minister, JD(U)'s Nitish Kumar has clarified that he did not ask for anyone's resignation. This comes after reports suggested that Kumar asked for Deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav's resignation over corruption allegations and the RJD leader refused to resign. Kumar added that he only sought a proper explanation on the allegations.\r\nIn dramatic developments in Bihar, Nitish Kumar on Wednesday resigned as chief minister, dumping the RJD and Congress to stitch a new alliance with BJP, which quickly announced support to a new government under him. Kumar, whose resignation was immediately accepted by governor Keshari Nath Tripathi, will take oath at the chief minister at 5pm on Thursday.?In the circumstances that prevail in Bihar, it became difficult to run the grand alliance government,? Kumar told reporters outside Raj Bhavan after submitting his resignation to governor Keshri Nath Tripathi.Prime Minister Narendra Modi hailed Kumar?s resignation, saying in doing so he has joined the fight against corruption. Immediately after Kumar announced his resignation, Modi tweeted: ?Congratulations! Mr Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption.?Here are Wednesday?s highlights on the political crisis in Bihar:12.30am: Lalu Prasad says: ?Nitish Kumar has underlined that he is an opportunist. Having done what he has, he cannot stake claim without a challenge. The Congress, CPI-ML and independents will back our claims to form the next government... Struggle is my life. I have to be in Ranchi for the next three days. However, Tejashwi has been asked to present the claim to the governor in the forenoon tomorrow.?12.28am: Tejashwi Yadav along with RJD delegation will meet Bihar governor KN Tripathi at 11 am on Thursday; to stake claim for forming government.12.07am: Taking a letter of support to governor to stake claim for forming government: Prem Kumar, BJP, on Sushil Modi and Nitish Kumar?s meet with governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.12.04am: Have asked Governor for time to meet, being the largest party we will stake claim to from government, tweets Tejashwi Yadav. We will also get support from JDU MLAs, he says.11.56pm: Nitish Kumar, Sushil Modi and BJP, JDU leaders leave for Raj Bhavan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.11.11pm: Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi reaches Raj Bhavan after being discharged from hospital.10.36pm: Nitish Kumar to take oath as CM of Bihar at 5pm tomorrow.10.31pm: Bihar governor KN Tripathi admitted to Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences in Patna due to an ENT problem.10.20pm: Nitish may take oath on Thursday. A meeting of JD(U) and BJP MLAs is underway.10.07pm: When Nitish Kumar broke alliance with BJP in 2013 he choreographed and followed the same script to secure himself. He surrenders as per needs: Lalu Prasad?s tweet9.55pm: Sushil Modi says BJP has handed over a letter of support to the governor, and will be part of the new government. All NDA members are heading to 1, Aney Marg to elect Nitish Kumar as the leader, Modi adds.9.49pm: Sushil Modi, Nityanand Rai and other BJP MLAs reach Nitish Kumar?s residence in Patna for a meeting of JDU-BJP MLAs, reports ANI.9.30pm: Sushil Kumar Modi says BJP will be part of the government under Nitish Kumar. BJP and JD(U) leaders are headed to the Raj Bhawan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.9.02pm: ?There are charges against both Nitish and Tejashwi. The MLAs of the Grand Alliance parties should sit down and pick a new leader. Bihar?s poor, deprived and reservation-backed sections gave the Grand Alliance historic majority against the BJP. This is foeticide of the Grand Alliance? There were corruption allegations against us before. Did Nitish Kumar not know while making an alliance and forming a government?? -- Lalu Prasad?s tweets9.01pm: Nityanand Rai and I called Nitish Ji. The BJP decides to support him; we will support the government formed under him. We will inform the governor also: ANI?quotes Sushil Modi as saying9pm: Thank PM Modi for his tweet on my decision, tweets Nitish Kumar after resigning as Bihar CM8.55pm: There?s involvement of Narendra Modi. Nitish Kumar slapped people of Bihar. People like Sushil Modi are eager to form a government in Bihar: Lalu Prasad8.40pm: Meeting underway at Lalu Prasad?s residence in Patna. Rabri Devi, Tejashwi Yadav, Tej Pratap Yadav and senior RJD leaders present.8.23pm: CP Joshi was informed at the governor?s house; he asked Kumar to wait. Joshi said he will get back after a word with Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi: ANI quotes sources8.21pm: Nitish Kumar did not inform Rahul Gandhi about his intention to resign in their meeting: ANI?quotes sources.8.02pm: I appeal to Nitish Kumar... All RJD, JD(U) and Congress MLAs should sit down and pick new leader and make a government... His unwillingness to do so will prove he has already struck a deal with the BJP: Lalu Prasad7.59pm: The BJP welcomes the battle against corruption in Bihar; not in favour of midterm elections... A three-member panel from Bihar will report to central leadership for final call: JP Nadda after the BJP?s parliamentary board meeting.7.58pm: We are deeply disappointed by the news of Nitish Kumar?s resignation. The Congress respects Nitish Kumar as a leader: Randeep Surjewala, Congress7.57pm: Nitish Kumar knew that he is accused of section 302; one of India?s CM is main accused in murder and arms case : Lalu Prasad7.51pm: Nitish Kumar had said that he will never join hands with BJP: Lalu Prasad7.50pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad says did not speak to the press over corruption allegations against  Tejashwi following lawyers? advice. 7.49pm: Nitish Kumar did not ask for resignation: RJD chief Lalu Prasad at a press conference after Nitish Kumar quits as Bihar CM.7.45pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad to address a press conference shortly.7.42pm: We are happy that Bihar CM didn?t compromise on issue of corruption and did not kneel down before RJD: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.36pm: We don?t want midterm elections in Bihar. The MLAs should complete their term. A three-member committee will talk to MLAs and apprise the Centre of the situation in the state: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.26pm: Source say BJP legislature party to finalise support without preconditions at its meeting late evening today.7.25pm: Nitish-Lalu alliance was a mismatch. This had to happen: Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Nitish Kumar?s resignation7.24pm: PM Narendra Modi arrives for BJP parliamentary meeting in Delhi.7.09pm: The country and time require that for the bright future of India, and especially Bihar, people need to rise above political disputes and fight against corruption together: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.09pm: I congratulate Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption. The 1.25 billion people of the country are welcoming and supporting his honesty: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.08pm: Before resigning, I had informed Laluji and Congress Bihar in-charge CP Joshi: Nitish Kumar.7.05pm: Gandhiji always said needs can be met on the Earth, but greed can never be fulfilled: Nitish Kumar7.04pm: I am not blaming anyone, those who want to blame me are free to do so: Nitish Kumar7.02pm: I felt that for a person like me it was not possible to run this government. I don?t want to create a dispute... When I saw there was no other way... I broke myself away (from the alliance with the RJD). The governor has accepted my resignation, and asked me to continue working till the next development.6.58pm: We worked in the alliance till the point we could: Nitish Kumar6.57pm: If there are charges then they must have replied to it. We felt they were not in a position to speak: Nitish Kumar6.56pm: It?s not possible to work in this environment; I tried. Tried to find out a solution: Nitish Kumar6.52pm: The situation is such that it?s not possible to work. Whatever we do, the discussion is only about one thing: Nitish Kumar6.50pm: Not possible to work in the grand alliance. We made all attempts. We never asked for anyone?s resignation: Nitish Kumar6.34pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar reaches Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi amid speculation that he may resign.6.33pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on his way to Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.\r\nPM Narendra Modi on Wednesday said everyone needs to rise above political differences and fight corruption together for India's bright future, especially Bihar. "This is the need of the hour and the nation," Modi tweeted. This comes after JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar resigned as Bihar CM following corruption charges on his alliance partner, RJD's Lalu Yadav and his family.\r\nIn dramatic developments in Bihar, Nitish Kumar on Wednesday resigned as chief minister, dumping the RJD and Congress to stitch a new alliance with BJP, which quickly announced support to a new government under him. Kumar, whose resignation was immediately accepted by governor Keshari Nath Tripathi, will take oath at the chief minister at 5pm on Thursday.?In the circumstances that prevail in Bihar, it became difficult to run the grand alliance government,? Kumar told reporters outside Raj Bhavan after submitting his resignation to governor Keshri Nath Tripathi.Prime Minister Narendra Modi hailed Kumar?s resignation, saying in doing so he has joined the fight against corruption. Immediately after Kumar announced his resignation, Modi tweeted: ?Congratulations! Mr Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption.?Here are Wednesday?s highlights on the political crisis in Bihar:12.30am: Lalu Prasad says: ?Nitish Kumar has underlined that he is an opportunist. Having done what he has, he cannot stake claim without a challenge. The Congress, CPI-ML and independents will back our claims to form the next government... Struggle is my life. I have to be in Ranchi for the next three days. However, Tejashwi has been asked to present the claim to the governor in the forenoon tomorrow.?12.28am: Tejashwi Yadav along with RJD delegation will meet Bihar governor KN Tripathi at 11 am on Thursday; to stake claim for forming government.12.07am: Taking a letter of support to governor to stake claim for forming government: Prem Kumar, BJP, on Sushil Modi and Nitish Kumar?s meet with governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.12.04am: Have asked Governor for time to meet, being the largest party we will stake claim to from government, tweets Tejashwi Yadav. We will also get support from JDU MLAs, he says.11.56pm: Nitish Kumar, Sushil Modi and BJP, JDU leaders leave for Raj Bhavan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.11.11pm: Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi reaches Raj Bhavan after being discharged from hospital.10.36pm: Nitish Kumar to take oath as CM of Bihar at 5pm tomorrow.10.31pm: Bihar governor KN Tripathi admitted to Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences in Patna due to an ENT problem.10.20pm: Nitish may take oath on Thursday. A meeting of JD(U) and BJP MLAs is underway.10.07pm: When Nitish Kumar broke alliance with BJP in 2013 he choreographed and followed the same script to secure himself. He surrenders as per needs: Lalu Prasad?s tweet9.55pm: Sushil Modi says BJP has handed over a letter of support to the governor, and will be part of the new government. All NDA members are heading to 1, Aney Marg to elect Nitish Kumar as the leader, Modi adds.9.49pm: Sushil Modi, Nityanand Rai and other BJP MLAs reach Nitish Kumar?s residence in Patna for a meeting of JDU-BJP MLAs, reports ANI.9.30pm: Sushil Kumar Modi says BJP will be part of the government under Nitish Kumar. BJP and JD(U) leaders are headed to the Raj Bhawan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.9.02pm: ?There are charges against both Nitish and Tejashwi. The MLAs of the Grand Alliance parties should sit down and pick a new leader. Bihar?s poor, deprived and reservation-backed sections gave the Grand Alliance historic majority against the BJP. This is foeticide of the Grand Alliance? There were corruption allegations against us before. Did Nitish Kumar not know while making an alliance and forming a government?? -- Lalu Prasad?s tweets9.01pm: Nityanand Rai and I called Nitish Ji. The BJP decides to support him; we will support the government formed under him. We will inform the governor also: ANI?quotes Sushil Modi as saying9pm: Thank PM Modi for his tweet on my decision, tweets Nitish Kumar after resigning as Bihar CM8.55pm: There?s involvement of Narendra Modi. Nitish Kumar slapped people of Bihar. People like Sushil Modi are eager to form a government in Bihar: Lalu Prasad8.40pm: Meeting underway at Lalu Prasad?s residence in Patna. Rabri Devi, Tejashwi Yadav, Tej Pratap Yadav and senior RJD leaders present.8.23pm: CP Joshi was informed at the governor?s house; he asked Kumar to wait. Joshi said he will get back after a word with Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi: ANI quotes sources8.21pm: Nitish Kumar did not inform Rahul Gandhi about his intention to resign in their meeting: ANI?quotes sources.8.02pm: I appeal to Nitish Kumar... All RJD, JD(U) and Congress MLAs should sit down and pick new leader and make a government... His unwillingness to do so will prove he has already struck a deal with the BJP: Lalu Prasad7.59pm: The BJP welcomes the battle against corruption in Bihar; not in favour of midterm elections... A three-member panel from Bihar will report to central leadership for final call: JP Nadda after the BJP?s parliamentary board meeting.7.58pm: We are deeply disappointed by the news of Nitish Kumar?s resignation. The Congress respects Nitish Kumar as a leader: Randeep Surjewala, Congress7.57pm: Nitish Kumar knew that he is accused of section 302; one of India?s CM is main accused in murder and arms case : Lalu Prasad7.51pm: Nitish Kumar had said that he will never join hands with BJP: Lalu Prasad7.50pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad says did not speak to the press over corruption allegations against  Tejashwi following lawyers? advice. 7.49pm: Nitish Kumar did not ask for resignation: RJD chief Lalu Prasad at a press conference after Nitish Kumar quits as Bihar CM.7.45pm: RJD chief Lalu Prasad to address a press conference shortly.7.42pm: We are happy that Bihar CM didn?t compromise on issue of corruption and did not kneel down before RJD: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.36pm: We don?t want midterm elections in Bihar. The MLAs should complete their term. A three-member committee will talk to MLAs and apprise the Centre of the situation in the state: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7.26pm: Source say BJP legislature party to finalise support without preconditions at its meeting late evening today.7.25pm: Nitish-Lalu alliance was a mismatch. This had to happen: Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Nitish Kumar?s resignation7.24pm: PM Narendra Modi arrives for BJP parliamentary meeting in Delhi.7.09pm: The country and time require that for the bright future of India, and especially Bihar, people need to rise above political disputes and fight against corruption together: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.09pm: I congratulate Nitish Kumar for joining the fight against corruption. The 1.25 billion people of the country are welcoming and supporting his honesty: Prime Minister Narendra Modi7.08pm: Before resigning, I had informed Laluji and Congress Bihar in-charge CP Joshi: Nitish Kumar.7.05pm: Gandhiji always said needs can be met on the Earth, but greed can never be fulfilled: Nitish Kumar7.04pm: I am not blaming anyone, those who want to blame me are free to do so: Nitish Kumar7.02pm: I felt that for a person like me it was not possible to run this government. I don?t want to create a dispute... When I saw there was no other way... I broke myself away (from the alliance with the RJD). The governor has accepted my resignation, and asked me to continue working till the next development.6.58pm: We worked in the alliance till the point we could: Nitish Kumar6.57pm: If there are charges then they must have replied to it. We felt they were not in a position to speak: Nitish Kumar6.56pm: It?s not possible to work in this environment; I tried. Tried to find out a solution: Nitish Kumar6.52pm: The situation is such that it?s not possible to work. Whatever we do, the discussion is only about one thing: Nitish Kumar6.50pm: Not possible to work in the grand alliance. We made all attempts. We never asked for anyone?s resignation: Nitish Kumar6.34pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar reaches Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi amid speculation that he may resign.6.33pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on his way to Raj Bhavan to meet Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi.\r\nA US man, who claimed to be an ex-employee of fast-food chain McDonald's, took to Twitter to share some photos of a slimy substance that he said was found inside the restaurant's ice cream machine. He later claimed to have lost his job because of his revelations and admitted that he was planning to leave the job anyway.\r\nA US man, who claimed he worked with McDonald, took to Twitter to share some photos of a gross, slimy substance that he said was found inside the American fast food restaurant chain?s ice cream machine. The Twitter user, who goes by the handle @phuckyounick, shared a number of behind-the-scene pictures, even questioning whether the frozen food was ?real meat or fish?. ?This came out of McDonald?s ice cream machine in case y?all were wondering...? he wrote as he posted the snaps on Twitter.This came out of McDonald's ice cream machine in case y'all were wondering... pic.twitter.com/DTXXpzE7Ce? nick (@phuckyounick) July 14, 2017Since I'm exposing McDonald's I might as well show y'all what y'all really eating... fresh out the freezer. pic.twitter.com/KZ7Ao1kWsR? nick (@phuckyounick) July 18, 2017Nice and dirty... pic.twitter.com/vjxuVLJpgF? nick (@phuckyounick) July 18, 2017While some doubted the truth behind the photos, others blamed the man for not cleaning the machine himself. One commented, ?Wrong tray. Cones don?t go there?. Another wrote, ? ?.. the ice cream its only like that because y?all the employees aren?t cleaning the machine daily like your suppose to be.?plus aout the ice cream its only like that because y'all the employees aren't cleaning the machine daily like your suppose to be.? D'King (@notdannym) July 19, 2017plus aout the ice cream its only like that because y'all the employees aren't cleaning the machine daily like your suppose to be.? D'King (@notdannym) July 19, 2017Wrong tray. Cones don't go there? nick (@phuckyounick) July 16, 2017Some suggested that the green mass could be from the grease trap. The man shared some more photos from different angles to prove that the tray ?was not a grease trap?. And to those who slammed him for shirking his responsibility, he defended himself by saying ?only managers cleaned the ice cream and drunk machines at McDonald?s.?Cones go here pic.twitter.com/TD00PWIq7F? nick (@phuckyounick) July 17, 2017This is the side of the ice cream machine! It's not from a grease trap pic.twitter.com/nMpnFxAvZ4? nick (@phuckyounick) July 17, 2017However, there were others who believed his claims. I just ate McDonald's today and y'all got that nasty shit going on. The crazy part my fat ass will still eat there pic.twitter.com/hLX4dMMeiq? TRINITY? (@lilglossyhoney) July 16, 2017Yeah I worked for McDonald's for over 4 years and that's by far the nastiest one I've ever seen lol? J G (@JxGilly) July 17, 2017While the authenticity of the tweets is not yet clear, the man claimed to have lost his job because of his revelations. He also admitted he was planning to leave the job anyway. ?I strategically planned this because I start working at my new job Friday. I planned on losing my job,? he said.This came out of McDonald's ice cream machine in case y'all were wondering... pic.twitter.com/DTXXpzE7Ce? nick (@phuckyounick) July 14, 2017I got fired from McDonald's. I strategically planned this because I start working at my new job Friday. I planned on losing my job.? nick (@phuckyounick) July 20, 2017His tweet has received more than 13,600 retweets and 15,800 likes since he posted it on July 14.Do you believe this man?s allegations? Tell us in the comments below.\r\nNawazuddin Siddiqui's first look from the upcoming short film 'Carbon' has been released. The film also stars Jackky Bhagnani and Prachi Desai and focuses on environmental issues like global warming and climate change. Written and directed by Maitrey Bajpai, the film will feature Nawazuddin in the role of a man from the planet Mars.\r\nA day after sharing the first poster of Carbon, the makers released the second poster flaunting Nawazuddin Siddiqui?s face on Tuesday. Nawazuddin is seen in a space suit looking through a window into outer space. The tagline of the poster is quite interesting as well - A story of tomorrow.Carbon is a futuristic film set in 2067 and features Jackky Bhagnani, Nawazzudin Siddiqui, Prachi Desai and Yashpal Sharma in lead roles. Produced by Large Short Films, the short film focusses on global warming and takes a look at what the future could hold for us if we do not take any action today. Written & directed by Maitrey Bajpai and Ramiz Ilham Khan, produced by Jackky Bhagnani, Deepshikha Deshmukh and Gautam Gupta, Carbon will be released on Large Short Films? YouTube channel.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nAttorney General KK Venugopal on behalf of the Centre said in the Supreme Court, "Privacy is part of Right to Life, but does not enjoy the status of a fundamental right." He added, "Since right to privacy consists of diverse aspects and it is a sub-specie of liberty, every aspect of the sub-species will not qualify as a fundamental right." \r\nArguing in the right to privacy case before the nine-judge Constitution bench in Supreme Court today, Attorney General K K Venugopal said that privacy does not enjoy the status of a fundamental right. "Privacy is part of Right to Life under Article 21, but does not enjoy the status of a fundamental right," said AG Venugopal on behalf of the Centre. The debate on privacy as a fundamental right is a part of the larger debate on Aadhaar and if the scheme violates one's right to privacy.The Centre has earlier said that petitions challenging the validity of Aadhaar over violation of privacy cannot be entertained under Article 21. ATTORNEY GENERAL MOUNTS DEFENCEArguing for the Centre, AG Venugopal said that framers of the Constitution intentionally omitted mention of privacy as a fundamental right. There are several aspects to Right to Life such as right to food, shelter and employment but everything does not enjoy the status of a fundamental right, said K K Venugopal in the Supreme Court today. The Attorney General said that there is no absolute Right to Life and deprivation of the right in certain instances is in-built in the Constitution. He said that while life and liberty are qualified rights under the Constitution but their every aspect is not a fundamental right and it cannot be elevated to that status. Petitioners want privacy on a whole to be declared as a fundamental right but it will have grave consequences, argued Attorney General Venugopal. He said that a World Bank report has identified Aadhaar as a great scheme for developing countries.THREE STATES SUPPORT PETITIONERSKapil Sibal, appearing for the states Karnataka, West Bengal and Puducherry, told the nine-judge bench headed by Chief Justice J S Khekar that the states support the petitioners on the argument that privacy is a fundamental right under Article 21 of the Constitution. Kapil Sibal said that while privacy is not mentioned in the Constitution of America and Australia but it is a fundamental right. WHAT HAVE THE PETITIONED SAIDSenior counsel Gopal Subramanium told the Supreme Court last Wednesday that the Preamble to the Constitution intrinsically guarantees the right. He said that liberty, which is fundamental to a democracy, cannot exist without privacy.Senior counsel Arvind Datar argued that right to privacy flows from Article 14 (Right to Equality), Article 19 (Freedom of Expression) and Article 21 (Right to Life). Arguing for privacy as a fundamental right, Dattar said that the court must not strictly lay the right to privacy under a single article. Former Attorney General Soli Sorabjee , appearing in support of privacy right, said that even if the Constitution did not "explicitly" provide this right, it could be deduced as had been done in the case of freedom of press.WHAT HAS THE COURT SAID SO FARWhile hearing the petitioners, the Supreme Court observed that right to privacy cannot be absolute and the state may have powers to put reasonable curbs. The nine-judge Constitution bench, headed by Chief Justice J S Khekar, comprises Justices J Chelameswar, S A Bobde, R K Agrawal, Rohinton Fali Nariman, Abhay Manohar Sapre, D Y Chandrachud, Sanjay Kishan Kaul and S Abdul Nazeer. "We live in an age of big data and the state is entitled to regulate the data whether it is for the purpose of regulating crime, taxation or other activities... Right to privacy cannot be so absolute that it prevents the state from legislating or regulating it," the Constitution bench said.The Supreme Court also observed that ignorance of citizens on how personal data furnished by them was being used could not be the basis for not testing the validity of a law, in this case the Aadhaar Act.(With inputs from Anusha Soni and agencies) ALSO READ:Aadhaar vs WhatsApp: How privacy changes meaning for government in different cases \r\nAs many as 24 kanwarias, 6 ITBP and Police personnel were recently injured in stone pelting by a mob during the 'Kanwar Yatra' in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh. It is alleged that the attack happened after the yatris played loud music while passing through a Muslim-dominated locality. The police had to resort to a lathi charge to disperse the crowd.\r\n24 Kawariyas, 6 ITBP and Police personnel were injured in stone pelting by a mob during the 'Kanwar Yatra' in Bareilly. It is alleged that the attack happened after the yatris played loud music while passing through a Muslim-dominated locality. The police had to resort to a lathi charge to disperse the crowd.Gajendra Kumar, Senior Superintendent of Police said, 'We are making arrests and one police officer has been suspended; (the) situation (is) peaceful at the moment'.R. Vikram Singh, District Magistrate, Bareilly, said the Kanwariyas "did not have permission" to pass through the route, which fell under pockets of Muslim population.\r\nRJD Chief Lalu Prasad Yadav on Wednesday said that Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has not asked for his son Tejashwi Yadav's resignation after the CBI raided him over corruption allegations. "We will not tolerate any disrespect towards him (Nitish Kumar). We have formed the grand alliance, made Nitish CM. Why will we break the alliance," Lalu said.\r\nAs Nitish Kumar meets his party - Janata Dal United - MLAs later in the evening today in Patna, senior alliance partner Lalu Prasad today reiterated that his son Tejashwi Yadav won't resign. Deputy CM Tejashwi is facing corruption allegations after the CBI filed a case against him."Tejashwi will not resign. Nitish Kumar is leader of the alliance but he has not asked for his resignation," Lalu told reporters after a separate meeting of RJD MLAs.\xa0 "Nitish Kumar is leader of grand alliance. We will not tolerate any disrespect towards him. We have formed the grand alliance, made Nitish CM. Why will we break the alliance," Lalu said. "We have spoken to Nitish Kumar and he said he is not asking for Tejaswi's resignation. BJP is trying to frame us but are we are not afraid of their tactic," former CM Rabri Devi added.\xa0 The fate of Bihar's Mahagathbandhan or grand alliance (RJD, JD-U and Congress) is likely to be decided today or by tomorrow as the JD-U is firm on Tejashwi's resignation.Nitish Kumar is expected to make some tough decision before the start of Bihar Asssembly's Monsoon Session (July 28) which the BJP has threatened to disrupt demanding the CM to take a call on his deputy.Tejashwi and his party RJD, which has most number of MLAs\xa0 of the three alliance partners, have repeatedly described the corruption charges as a conspiracy by Opposition BJP. Earlier this month, Tejashwi and Nitish had a closed door meeting during which the deputy CM tabled his stance and claimed that he was being framed. Insiders said Nitish was not convinced with Tejashwi's explanation.It is believed that Nitish is miffed with Tejashwi as he has failed to present solid evidence in support of his 'not guilty' claim despite being given ample time.Congress President Sonia Gandhi and son Rahul Gandhi have also tried to bridge the ever-widening gap between the JD-U and RJD but in vain.The JD-U has made abundantly clear that Nitish Kumar's taintless image is more important to the party than sticking with power. "Nitish is the leader of Mahagathbandhan, no one else. Those who are threatening of having 80 MLAs with them should not be in any kind of confusion. It will not take us even 5 minutes to quit government, power," JD-U spokesperson Ajay Alok had told India Today.The Janata Dal (United) has 71 MLAs, while Lalu's RJD has 80 seats\xa0 in the 243-seat Bihar Assembly.\xa0 ALSO READ:Nitish Kumar calls meeting of JD-U MLAs, pressure mounts further on Tejashwi YadavRevealed: What Tejashwi Yadav told Nitish Kumar in their 45-minute meeting behind closed doors\r\nThe Indira Gandhi International Airport has claimed that its Twitter handle was hacked and a "derogatory" message was posted on it. A tweet supporting a user's claim that 'Congress is India's real enemy' was retweeted by Delhi Airport's handle. Later, the tweet was deleted and a clarification was posted saying that Delhi Airport's handle was under a "hacker attack".\r\n\r\nMumbai Traffic Police have temporarily banned heavy vehicles on the Bandra-Dahisar stretch of the Western Express Highway between 5 PM and 9 PM due to "unprecedented rush". State-run buses, school buses, and vehicles used for office drops will reportedly be exempt from the ban. Authorities said that the northbound vehicles will be diverted to the Eastern Express Highway via Sion. \r\n In a move to ease congestion on the Western Express Highway (WEH) during evening peak hours, the traffic police have banned heavy vehicles from plying on the north-bound stretch from Bandra to Dahisar between 5pm and 9pm. While the ban is a temporary move, till the police come up with a permanent solution, it was put into effect from Monday by invoking an old government circular on restriction of heavy vehicles on highways within the city limits.The ban will be for trucks, lorries, water tankers, container carriers as well as private buses. However, ST/BEST buses, school buses and vehicles carrying essential commodities and chartered buses ? used as office drops ? will be allowed to use the highway. Massive traffic snarls on the WEH have become a common sight ever since work on the Metro-7 (Dahisar to Andheri) project began earlier this year. The situation, according to officials, has worsened after the rains arrived. While the police have enforced the north-bound traffic restrictions in the evening on a priority basis, they plan to soon bring in a similar four-hour ban on the south-bound stretch during morning peak hours. Amitesh Kumar, joint commissioner of police, traffic, told HT that the north-bound heavy vehicles will be stopped at the Kalanagar junction in Bandra (East) and diverted to the Eastern Express Highway via Sion. ?They can continue their journey using the Thane-Ghdobunder Road,? said Kumar. ?We are in the process of notifying a comprehensive strategy for the movement of heavy vehicles in the city.?Explaining the logic behind enforcing the ban first only during evening peak hours, a source said that while regular motorists travelling from the western suburbs to south Mumbai used the highway at different points of time during the morning, the situation is different during the evening. Almost 80% of these regulars are on the highway between 5pm and 6pm and that creates unprecedented rush. Meanwhile, Kumar said discussions are on with the Thane police to enforce a similar four-hour ban on the entry of heavy vehicles into the city in the morning. ?As per our plans, heavy vehicles will not be allowed from the Dahisar toll plaza during 7am and 11am,? said Kumar, adding that a decision is likely to taken within a week?s time. ?That will ease the flow of south-bound traffic in the morning.?However, since thousands of heavy vehicles from nearby states enter the city through the Dahisar check naka on a daily basis, blocking them for four hours in the morning could create jams on the highway beyond Dahisar. ?We are aware of the problem. Arrangements will be made to either divert them to Thane, so that they can enter the city through Mulund by using the Eastern Express Highway, or some alternative parking arrangements would be made at Mira-Bhayandar,? Kumar said.Read more:Heavy rain leaves Mumbai officegoers stuck in traffic for hours\r\n'Titanic' actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are auctioning off a dinner with the two of them at the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation's fourth annual gala on Wednesday for charity. The dinner is among other auction items available for bidders at the event which will take place in France. The non-profit organisation raised ?289 crore during its charity auction last year.\r\nEver yearned to swap tales of the sea with Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet?Well strap on your life jacket, because the pair are auctioning off a private dinner in their exclusive company for charity, a spokesman for the actor told AFP on Tuesday.The glamorous date -- planned for a restaurant of the winner?s choice in New York City in the fall -- is among several lots being offered at the star-studded Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation gala in the French resort of Saint-Tropez on Thursday.The environmentally-minded charity raised $45 million during its auction last year, according to the Los Angeles Times.Oscar winners DiCaprio, 42, and Winslet, 41, played star-crossed lovers Jack and Rose in James Cameron?s 1997 retelling of the sinking of the Titanic, and were reunited in 2009 as a warring couple in Revolutionary Road.While saving the planet has been DiCaprio?s preoccupation for years, Winslet is involved with charities helping autistic children, as well as organizations for the homeless and disadvantaged people with cancer. The lot is the latest example of a burgeoning celebrity trend of offering dinner dates or other face-to-face meetings to raise cash for charity. British actor Idris Elba agreed to share Valentine?s Day this year with the highest bidder in aid of the ?W.E. Can Lead? initiative, which provides education for African youngsters. ?It is one of the easiest ways for celebrities to contribute,? a public relations specialist told AFP on condition of anonymity, adding that it generates huge amounts of cash.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA member of Sikh community's Damdami Taksal seminary has filed a writ petition in the Bombay High Court against Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale being called a 'terrorist' in Maharashtra State Board's Class 9 textbooks. The petition demanded that the 'objectionable part' be removed immediately. Notably, Bhindranwale was a militant preacher, killed in a military operation at Golden Temple in 1984.\r\nSikh organisations in Maharashtra have written to education minister Vinod Tawde to remove  references to Jarnailsingh Bhindranwale, a militant preacher who was killed in the military operation at Amritsar?s Golden Temple in June 1984,  as a ?terrorist? in the Maharashtra state education board?s class 9 history textbook.The textbook based on the new syllabus was released in the market earlier this month. The Sikh groups have asked the government to amend the paragraphs on page 6 and 10 that mention Bhindranwale and his followers as ?terrorists?. Under a chapter titled ?India?s Internal Challenges, Operation Bluestar?, conducted by the army in Amritsar, where militants supporting the Khalistan movement were hiding, is described as ?an operation to evict terrorists hiding in the Golden Temple.? On page 6, it further states, ?The Sikhs in Punjab demanded an independent state of Khalistan and began a movement which went onto become violent and destructive. Pakistan lent it support.? More ?objectionable? references are made to Bhindranwale and other militants throughout the page. ?The main task of getting the terrorists out of the Golden Temple was entrusted to?? and ?The operation ended with the death of Bhindranwale and other terrorists.?The issue was first highlighted in Punjab by Damdami Taksal, a Sikh seminary, which was headed by Bhindranwale before he was killed in Operation Bluestar. In a letter to chief minister Devendra Fadnavis, Taksal complained against ?disseminating sensitive information to impressionable minds of school students that would put the Sikh community in a poor light.?Following this, Sikh community groups in Mumbai have also written to Tawde to rephrase the paragraphs on Bhindranwale. ?He was not a terrorist, he was a saint,? said Puran Singh Banga, general secretary, Sat Sri Akaal Charitable Trust and president of Sri Guru Nanak Darbar, Chembur. ?The government should have consulted with Sikh groups and other academicians before printing the text.?Refusing to comment on this, Sunil Magar, director of state?s textbook publishing bureau, Balbharti, said, ?The matter is in the Bombay high court. We are preparing our reply to the court.? Magar added, ?We had published the information in the book on the basis of historical evidence and proof.?On the other hand, history teachers in Mumbai argued that the information is historically accurate. ?Bhindranwale?s activities endangered several Indians, many people were killed,? said a history teacher from Bhandup on the condition of anonymity. ?Tilak and Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose can be considered as ?extremists?, but from the point of view of the British, they too can be called ?terrorists?,? the teacher added. A similar controversy had emerged in 2006 when the NCERT was forced to amend lessons on Sikhism after protests by Sikh organisations against ?objectionable? references to Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth guru of the Sikhs, in class 12 textbooks.\r\nAfter Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited flood-hit Gujarat and announced ?500 crore as relief for the state, many in Assam took to social media to accuse the Centre of neglecting the northeastern state. "Over 70 died in Assam flood. Modi sends junior minister (Kiren) Rijiju. Flood in Gujarat, Modi flies himself. Why two separate standards?" a journalist from Assam posted.\r\nPrime Minister Narendra Modi?s aerial survey of flood-affected areas in his home state Gujarat on Tuesday and the announcement of Rs 500 crore as relief haven?t gone down well in Assam.Many in Assam, where floods wreaked havoc in 29 of the state?s 32 districts this month and claimed 77 lives till date, have vented ire on social media accusing the Centre of neglect.The state government has estimated that the total damage caused by the recent floods is nearly Rs 2,939 crore. The Centre is yet to announce any interim flood-relief package for Assam.?Over 70 died in Assam flood. Modi sends junior minister (Kiren) Rijiju. Flood in Gujarat. Modi flies himself. Why two separate standards?? questioned journalist Atanu Bhuyan on Twitter.While Modi conducted an aerial survey of two flood-ravaged districts in Gujarat, a seven-member central team led by Union home ministry joint secretary VS Sekhar arrived in Guwahati to assess the situation.?Forget the announcement of an aid package, the PM didn?t even consider visiting Assam himself or sending a senior minister. It clearly shows Centre?s biased attitude to our state,? farmers activist Akhil Gogoi told media on Wednesday.Villagers use a boat as they row past partially submerged houses at a flood-affected village in Morigaon district in Assam. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Reuters Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tNearly 1.32 lakh people were displaced by the floods and had to seek shelter in 363 relief camps. Over 15,700 flood affected people were evacuated by rescue teams in 21 districts.Flood waters have receded in many areas due to clear skies in the past week, but 9 districts still remained inundated and 4,716 people continue to take shelter in relief camps in five districts.While the state government claims adequate relief was provided to all flood affected, there are accusations of laxity in rescue and relief efforts. Ministers of the Bharatiya Janata Party-led coalition government were heckled by affected residents at several places for their late response.The so-called step-motherly attitude of Centre towards Assam has given fodder to opposition parties in the state as well.?Assam floods claimed 76 lives, Narendra Modi never visited and his government has not released adequate funds,? former Congress chief minister Tarun Gogoi tweeted on Tuesday.PM @narendramodi rushed to #Gujarat & announced 500 Cr interim relief & Ex-gratia of 2 Lakh for flood victims & 50 thousand for injured..1/1 https://t.co/4gMEpyp7KF? Tarun Gogoi (@tarun_gogoi) July 25, 2017President of the opposition All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) Badruddin Ajmal also requested the PM to ?spare some time for the people of Assam? and visit the state.Many on social media connected Modi?s decision to visit Gujarat instead of Assam with the upcoming assembly polls in the western state.?Floods killed many in BJP ruled Gujarat and Assam. Where will Modi go, announce relief for? The state going to elections, where else,? Rajnath Kashmiri tweeted.\r\nThe Kargil War was fought between India and Pakistan between May and July 1999, in Jammu & Kashmir's Kargil district. The Pakistani side crossed the LoC at Army Chief General Pervez Musharraf's command, and mutilated bodies of six Indian soldiers were returned to India. India launched the Operation Vijay and reclaimed all posts, terming it a success on July 26.\r\nAs the nation remembers its brave heroes on the occasion of Kargil Vijay Diwas, HT takes a look at how the war unfolded in 1999.Indian and Pakistani armies fought the war in May-July 1999 in the Kargil district of Jammu and Kashmir and elsewhere along the Line of Control (LoC).India launched ?Operation Vijay? to clear the Kargil sector of infiltration by the Pakistani soldiers and Kashmiri militants on the Indian side of the Line of Control.Kargil was the first televised war viewed extensively by the country.Here is how the war unfolded:1999: The warMay 4: Reports of infiltrators atop heights of Kargil. Strategic heights taken over by infiltrators, say reports.May 5-15: Army patrol sent up to survey. Captain Saurabh Kalia goes missing. He is allegedly tortured and killed in captivity by Pakistani troops.May 26: Indian Air Force launches air strikes. Flying from the Indian airfields of Srinagar, Avantipur and Adampur, ground attack aircraft MiG-21s, MiG-23s, MiG-27s, Jaguars and the Mirage 2000 strike insurgent positions.May 27: An IAF MiG-27 goes down. Pilot, who ejects and is taken a prisoner of war by Pakistan, is released after eight days.May 31: Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee says it?s a ?war-like situation? in KargilJune 10: Pakistan returns mutilated bodies of six soldiers, India enraged. The six bodies were those of Lt. Saurav Kalia and his men who went to Kaksar area following reports of incursion by Pakistani infiltrators.June 12: Deadlock at first crisis-time meeting between foreign ministers Jaswant Singh and Sartaj Aziz in Delhi. Aziz told intruders must leaveJune 15: US President Bill Clinton urges the Pakistan PM to withdraw troops from KargilJune 29: Army captures two important posts near Tiger HillJuly 4:Tiger Hill captured. Three battalions -- 18 Grenadiers, 2 Naga, and 8 Sikh -- assault the peak with support from artillery. Nawaz Sharif meets Clinton in WashingtonJuly 5: Sharif announces pull-out of Pakistani troops from KargilJuly 11: Pakistan begins pull outJuly 14: India declares operation Vijay a successJuly 26: Kargil war comes to an end. India announces complete eviction of Pakistani troopsThe casualtiesThe official death toll on the Indian side was 527, while that on the Pakistani side was between around 450.The honoursA number of Indian soldiers earned awards for gallantry:[97]\xb7 Grenadier Yogendra Singh Yadav, 18 Grenadiers, Param Vir Chakra\xb7 Lieutenant Manoj Kumar Pandey, 1/11 Gorkha Rifles, Param Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Captain Vikram Batra, 13 JAK Rifles, Param Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Rifleman Sanjay Kumar, 13 JAK Rifles, Param Vir Chakra\xb7 Captain Anuj Nayyar, 17 JAT Regiment, Maha Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Major Rajesh Singh Adhikari, 18 Grenadiers, Maha Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Captain Haneef-u-ddin, 11 Rajputana Rifles, Vir Chakra, posthumous\xb7 Major Mariappan Saravanan, 1 Bihar, Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Squadron Leader Ajay Ahuja, Indian Air Force, Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Havildar Chuni Lal, 8 JAK LI, Vir Chakra. Also awarded Sena Medal for gallantry and posthumously awarded Ashoka Chakra as a Naib Subedar\r\nFilmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar has said he is sad that nobody from the film fraternity came to support him in the 'Indu Sarkar' row. Madhur added, "I, as a filmmaker, always stood with the film fraternity...whether it was regarding 'Udta Punjab' or 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' or any other film." He further said that he's angry to see "such selective activism".\r\nNational Award winning filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar has said he is ?sad? that the film fraternity did not express solidarity with him when Indu Sarkar was mired in controversy.(L-R) Filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar, music composer Bappi Lahiri, makeover expert Ishika Taneja and actress Kirti Kulhari at an event.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe film, based on the Emergency era, was finally cleared by the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) Revising Committee with U/A certificate, after two cuts and one disclaimer, and Bhandarkar is relieved at that.?It feels really sad that I as a filmmaker always stood with the film fraternity -- whether it was regarding Udta Punjab or Ae Dil Hai Mushkil or any other film... But they must have had their own problems. That?s why you get angry when you see such selective activism,? Bhandarkar said at a press conference.?Today what has happened to me, might happen with somebody else tomorrow. So, if you will support people as per your convenience, that won?t work. Really this has saddened me as I wanted the film fraternity to come on a stage or tweet about this film, but that didn?t happen,? Bhandarkar lamented.?The kind of atmosphere that was created in Nagpur and Pune -- that?s really sad,? he added about the protests in both cities. Earlier, veteran actor Anupam Kher, who is in Indu Sarkar too, had told IANS that a ?united voice of the industry? -- much like what was raised before the release of Udta Punjab -- needed to be heard once again.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nIn a recent order, the Bombay Court held that a working woman who is "capable of maintaining and sustaining herself" should not be entitled to get maintenance from her estranged husband. The court observed this during the hearing of a plea filed by a TV actress who had challenged a family court's order, which too had denied her maintenance.\r\nThe Bombay high court, in a recent order, held that a ?working woman,? who is ?capable of maintaining and sustaining herself,? should not be entitled to receiving maintenance from her estranged spouse.A bench of Justices RM Savant and Sadhana Jadhav were hearing a plea filed by a television actress, who had challenged a family court order denying her any interim maintenance.The petitioner separated from her husband, who is also a television actor, in 2010. While their divorce proceedings are currently pending in the family court, she had sought that considering that her husband had not paid her any maintenance amount in the years since their separation, the family court award her an interim maintenance amount of rupees 50,000 each month till the divorce decree is granted.Her husband, meanwhile, had opposed her demand for interim maintenance saying that while he had worked in TV shows produced by Balaji telefilms between 2005 and 2010, since then, he hadn?t had a stable source of income. He had claimed that he now works ?as and when he gets an assignment.?The family court had accordingly held that since both the parties had failed to produce any documentary evidence of the money that they were making annually, the issue of maintenance would have to be decided upon at a later stage, after examination and cross-examination.In the high court, however, the woman claimed that she wasn?t part of any TV shows or films currently and thus, had no money of her own. She claimed that for her survival, she was ?totally dependent upon her aging parents.? She also told the court that her husband had signed a Telegu movie and thus, made a lot of money. He, thus, be directed to pay her some interim maintenance.The husband, meanwhile, told HC that when he and his wife used to stay together, he was the one who paid for all expenses, including the expenses incurred by the petitioner?s ?parents,? and the money needed to maintain her ?pet.?Taking note of these submissions, the high court held that the mere fact that the petitioner was not part of any TV shows or films currently, did not entitle her to interim maintenance. It held that considering that she was an actor who had been working for the past several years, and that she was ?capable of finding work in the future, and thus, sustaining herself,? it did not deem it fit to interfere with the family court?s order.\r\nKargil was India's first televised war that enabled people across the country to see what was happening on the battlefield. The number of viewers crossed over 20 lakh per broadcast during the course of time. Notably, on July 26, 1999, Indian Army succeeded in reclaiming all posts in Kargil region from Pakistan, which is now yearly celebrated as Vijay Diwas.\r\nAs the nation remembers its brave heroes on the occasion of Kargil Vijay Diwas, HT takes a look at how the war unfolded in 1999.Indian and Pakistani armies fought the war in May-July 1999 in the Kargil district of Jammu and Kashmir and elsewhere along the Line of Control (LoC).India launched ?Operation Vijay? to clear the Kargil sector of infiltration by the Pakistani soldiers and Kashmiri militants on the Indian side of the Line of Control.Kargil was the first televised war viewed extensively by the country.Here is how the war unfolded:1999: The warMay 4: Reports of infiltrators atop heights of Kargil. Strategic heights taken over by infiltrators, say reports.May 5-15: Army patrol sent up to survey. Captain Saurabh Kalia goes missing. He is allegedly tortured and killed in captivity by Pakistani troops.May 26: Indian Air Force launches air strikes. Flying from the Indian airfields of Srinagar, Avantipur and Adampur, ground attack aircraft MiG-21s, MiG-23s, MiG-27s, Jaguars and the Mirage 2000 strike insurgent positions.May 27: An IAF MiG-27 goes down. Pilot, who ejects and is taken a prisoner of war by Pakistan, is released after eight days.May 31: Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee says it?s a ?war-like situation? in KargilJune 10: Pakistan returns mutilated bodies of six soldiers, India enraged. The six bodies were those of Lt. Saurav Kalia and his men who went to Kaksar area following reports of incursion by Pakistani infiltrators.June 12: Deadlock at first crisis-time meeting between foreign ministers Jaswant Singh and Sartaj Aziz in Delhi. Aziz told intruders must leaveJune 15: US President Bill Clinton urges the Pakistan PM to withdraw troops from KargilJune 29: Army captures two important posts near Tiger HillJuly 4:Tiger Hill captured. Three battalions -- 18 Grenadiers, 2 Naga, and 8 Sikh -- assault the peak with support from artillery. Nawaz Sharif meets Clinton in WashingtonJuly 5: Sharif announces pull-out of Pakistani troops from KargilJuly 11: Pakistan begins pull outJuly 14: India declares operation Vijay a successJuly 26: Kargil war comes to an end. India announces complete eviction of Pakistani troopsThe casualtiesThe official death toll on the Indian side was 527, while that on the Pakistani side was between around 450.The honoursA number of Indian soldiers earned awards for gallantry:[97]\xb7 Grenadier Yogendra Singh Yadav, 18 Grenadiers, Param Vir Chakra\xb7 Lieutenant Manoj Kumar Pandey, 1/11 Gorkha Rifles, Param Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Captain Vikram Batra, 13 JAK Rifles, Param Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Rifleman Sanjay Kumar, 13 JAK Rifles, Param Vir Chakra\xb7 Captain Anuj Nayyar, 17 JAT Regiment, Maha Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Major Rajesh Singh Adhikari, 18 Grenadiers, Maha Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Captain Haneef-u-ddin, 11 Rajputana Rifles, Vir Chakra, posthumous\xb7 Major Mariappan Saravanan, 1 Bihar, Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Squadron Leader Ajay Ahuja, Indian Air Force, Vir Chakra, Posthumous\xb7 Havildar Chuni Lal, 8 JAK LI, Vir Chakra. Also awarded Sena Medal for gallantry and posthumously awarded Ashoka Chakra as a Naib Subedar\r\nFinance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the demonetised notes are being processed by the RBI to verify numerical accuracy and authenticity. He said that steps have been taken to increase RBI's processing capacity to complete counting "as soon as possible". He further added that no high quality counterfeit new currency notes have been seized by any agency post demonetisation.\r\n\r\nActress Celina Jaitly said that Kargil Vijay Diwas is a day to celebrate nameless heroes like her father late Colonel Vikram Kumar Jaitly. Celina called her father one of the strongest officers of the Indian Army. She added, "Every Indian must be proud of the exemplary courage...displayed by the Indian soldiers in Kargil War. Their sacrifice should never be forgotten."\r\nFor actor Celina Jaitly, the mention of Kargil War of 1999 brings back memories of the time, when most of the men in her family ?were deployed in the valley?. The actor is also reminded of the sacrifices made by Indian soldiers and urges that ?it should never be forgotten because for our tomorrow, they sacrificed their today.?Celina?s father, late Colonel Vikram Kumar Jaitly [who died on July 2, 2017] was an Indian Army Colonel from Punjab. One of her brother still serves the Indian Army Special Forces. ?As a fourth generation Army Brat, I would like to begin by saying that it is very important to remind every Indian citizen that a soldier is a national asset to whom the motto ?Nation Before Self? is dearer than life itself,? says Celina, who is married to Hotelier Peter Haag and is a mother of five-year-old twins.    #MissYou Papa... it's been #10 days since you left us, nothing can fill the void.. you always looked at me like you are doing in this picture when I was 5 days old taken outside the #armyhospital where I was born..Hope you are fine, hope you are free of pain, hope you still remember us, hope you are free in soldiers heaven where you always wanted to be when you crossed over.. #dad #myworld #missingyou #missyoudad #missyoudaddy #restinpeace #celina #celinajaitly #celinajaitley #bollywood #love #crossingover #militaryfamily #indianarmy #indianarmedforces A post shared by Celina Jaitly (@celinajaitlyofficial) on Jul 11, 2017 at 10:07pm PDTTalking about her father, Celina says, ?One of the strongest and bravest officers of the Indian Army Infantry division, known as TIGER, served the maneaters of 17 Kumaon, commanded the incredible infantry battalion of the maneaters of 16 Kumaon. He got two wound medals from multiple gunshots and shrapnel injuries in 1971 war, besides a Sena Medal for counter terrorism insurgency. He was an expert in mountain warfare and counter terrorism studies and always brought us up with one value ?Yaad Rahey.. Naam, Namak aur Nishaan?, which is the selfless value of all our troops serving our country.?The 35-year-old adds that during Kargil war, along with the contribution of brave jawans, she also experienced the strength of army wives in full force for the first time in her life.?So many of my friends lost their fathers, too many gone too young. Every Indian must be proud of the exemplary courage, indomitable spirit and irrepressible valour displayed by the Indian soldiers in the Kargil War. Their sacrifice should never be forgotten? says the actor, adding that Kargil Vijay Diwas is significant to all Indians.?It?s a day to celebrate nameless heroes just like my dad, who is no more, but he fought for our country and the legacy that he left behind is that of peace and security and self-sacrifice for the greater good for generations of Indians to come,? Celina signs off.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA four-year-old girl died on Monday, two days after sustaining burns on her face when she fell into a pan containing hot tea in Delhi's Old Seelampur. Reportedly, her elder sister had prepared tea and kept it under the bed waiting for other family members to arrive when the girl fell off the bed and landed head-first into the pan.\r\nIn a freak accident in east Delhi?s Old Seelampur, a four-year-old girl died after she fell in a pot filled with hot tea.The girl fell into the freshly boiled beverage head first on Saturday, receiving severe burns to her face and upper body parts. She battled for life at a hospital for two days before succumbing to her injuries on Monday evening.The girl, Ayaat, lived with her parents and six other siblings in a cramped rented accommodation in Old Seelampur. Her father, Irfan, works as a tailor in the nearby Gandhi Nagar garments market.Left with little free space in their room, the siblings mostly spent their time on one large bed. Police said Ayaat?s older sister had just prepared tea in a saucepan and kept it under the bed as she waited for the older siblings and her parents to join her. But, Ayaat toppled off the bed, landing head-first into the uncovered saucepan. The siblings who tried to help also burnt their limbs.The child, meanwhile, was immediately rushed to a nearby hospital where she underwent treatment for two days, but the girl could not survive.?Our probe has not pointed to any foul play. It was an unfortunate accident,? said a senior police officer, adding no case was registered in this connection. \r\nA doctor named Praveen Yadav, who was accused in Madhya Pradesh's Vyapam scam, allegedly committed suicide at his residence on Wednesday. Yadav had cleared his Pre-Medical Test (PMT) in 2012 and was running an oil mill. As per reports, more than 40 people associated with the scam have died since reports related to the scam came to light in 2013.\r\nAn accused in the Vyapam scam, identified as Praveen Yadav allegedly committed suicide at his civil lines residence in Madhya Pradesh's Morena today early morning. Yadav was charged in connection to the scam in 2012, the same year he cleared his PMT (Pre-Medical Test). A resident of Maharajpur village, Yadav was running an oil mill. Vyapam short for (Vyavsayik Pariksha Mandal) or Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board (MPPEB) is an autonomous body that conducts major entrance exams for Madhya Pradesh government jobs. The scam involved 13 different exams conducted by Vyapam, for selection of medical students and state government employees (including food inspectors, transport constables, police personnel, school teachers, dairy supply officers and forest guards). The exams were taken by around 3.2 million students.\r\nHRD Minister Prakash Javadekar informed Rajya Sabha that government has no plans to remove Rabindranath Tagore from school textbooks. Javadekar was responding to a query raised by Opposition regarding RSS-affiliated organisation's recommendations of removing thoughts of Tagore from textbooks for all classes. The MP who raised the issue also gave Javadekar three books on Tagore for his reading.\r\nThe government has no plan to remove Ravindranath Tagore from school textbooks, HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar told Rajya Sabha on Tuesday.Responding to the issue raised by Derek O?Brien (TMC) during the Zero Hour, the minister said the government respected Tagore and all others who had contributed to the freedom and literature of the country. ?We hail everybody and nothing will be removed,? he said.Javadekar said for NCERT books, teachers and others have been asked to give suggestions to correct or remove ?any factual errors? in textbooks.Naresh Agarwal (SP) said the Nyas has also suggested the removal of Urdu words and Mirza Ghalib from the textbooks.As many as 7000 suggestions have been received, Javadekar said. ?We will not do anything which will create some problem.?Raising the issue, O?Brien said the HRD ministry had called for suggestions and one of the suggestions from RSS-affiliated Shiksha Sanskriti Utthan Nyas was to remove Tagore?s works and references from the syllabus.?Rabindranath Tagore does not need a certificate from anybody,? he said and asked the minister to disassociate from the Nyas.After the minister?s statement, O?Brien walked up to Javadekar to present to him three books on Tagore for his reading.During the Zero Hour, D Raja (CPI) raised the issue of thousands of college and university teachers staging a demonstration in the national capital to protest the government ?apathy? regarding the education sector.UGC and AICTE are under a cloud of uncertainty and there are fears of they are being dismantled and replaced, he said, adding this was an attempt to ?bureaucratise, centralise and commercialise education?.He demanded an increase in the budget allocation to education to 10-15% of the GDP. Javadekar said his ministry was engaged with the teachers.?We are not dismantling anything,? he said. ?We are reforming the regulator and giving more autonomy to the institutions.?\r\nThe Kannada Development Authority has directed the Bengaluru metro officials to remove all Hindi signs without waiting for the state government's instructions. The authority also said that even the announcements can't be made in Hindi. This follows protests from pro-Kannada activists against the Centre's tri-language policy, calling it as forceful imposition of Hindi on non-Hindi speaking states.\r\nNamma Metro officials have finally relented, and said that Hindi signboards will be removed from all stations. The move comes after the Kannada Development Authority mandated the immediate removal.The KDA took it one step forward and said that even announcements cannot be made in Hindi.The managing director of Bangalore Metropolitan Rail Corporation (BMRCL) said that he would abide by the directions of the KDA.The KDA had also urged the state government to move a privilege motion against BMRCL. Non compliance of it would amount to beach of privilege.There have been massive protests across the state saying that Hindi was just an official language of communication and not our national language. Campaigns such as #nammametrohindibeda has been made into a massive online and offline campaign.In order to bring to focus that the central government was unnecessarily imposing Hindi on none Hindi speaking states, the Karnataka Rakshana Vedike had also called for a meeting of political parties including the DMK, MNS and TDP, who felt that there was a reason to oppose the imposition of Hindi and that they would make it a national campaign.Also Read:\r\nPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday announced a ?500 crore relief package for flood-hit Gujarat after he conducted an aerial survey in the state. He also announced compensations of ?2 lakh to kins of the 83 deceased and ?50,000 for injured. Modi assured all possible help and assistance from the Centre to normalise the adverse situation.\r\nPrime Minister Narendra Modi inspected on Tuesday the devastation in parts of Gujarat hit by floods and heavy rains, and announced a payout of Rs 2 lakh to family members of those killed.Gujarat, Modi?s home state, has been lashed by rains and several of its rivers are in spate after neighbouring Rajasthan opened dams, inundating and cutting off villages particularly in the state?s northern parts. At least 82 people have died since the monsoon rains began a month ago.?Everything possible will be done to help the farmers, who suffer immensely due to floods? While reviewing the situation, I could see the Government of Gujarat responded to the flood situation quite swiftly,? the Prime Minister tweeted.He flew over the affected districts in North Gujarat, and announced a relief package of Rs 500 crore. The PM also said a compensation of Rs 2 lakh will be paid for those who died, and Rs 50,000 will be given to those seriously injured from the Prime Minister?s National Relief Fund.The announcements came as rescuers from disaster response teams and the Indian military raced to reach marooned villagers, some of whom were airlifted by military choppers.A flooded Gujarat village is seen from the aircraft from which Prime Minister Narendra Modi inspected the devastation.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(PMOIndia/Twitter)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tBefore the aerial survey, Modi took stock of the situation at a high-level meeting in Ahmedabad attended by chief minister Vijay Rupani and other officials.?The PM assured all possible help and assistance from the centre to normalise the situation in the flood-hit areas of the state,? Rupani said after the meeting.Several places in Banaskantha and Patan, which are otherwise prone to droughts, recorded 15 to 18 inches of rainfall between Monday and Tuesday morning. More than 1 lakh people have been affected, and electricity supply to these regions has been cut off.Heavy to very heavy rains are likely to lash the state in the next 48 hours, according to Met department.Three people have died in rain-related accidents in Banaskantha in the last 24 hours, according to the state flood control room. In the last 24 hours, some 50,000 people have been shifted to safety in the two districts. Over 1,000 people, including 40 stranded on roofs of their houses in Banaskantha, have been evacuated. Four helicopters of the Air Force (IAF), two Army columns and 18 teams of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) were working for rescue and relief operations.?Rescue and relief operations are going on in full swing. We will restore electricity supply (in Banaskantha and Patan) as soon as possible,? said deputy chief Minister Nitin Patel. Seven lakh food packets have been distributed in affected villages using IAF choppers, since more than 370 roads, including six National Highways and 20 State Highways, remained inundated across the state.\r\nLeader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad said that it is very sad and unfortunate that President Ram Nath Kovind did not mention Jawaharlal Nehru's name in his maiden speech. "Though he did mention his cabinet colleagues BR Ambedkar and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in his speech after assuming the country's top post," Azad added.\r\nThe Congress has taken strong exception to President Ram Nath Kovind not mentioning the name of India?s first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru in his maiden speech after assuming the country?s top post on Tuesday.The main opposition party also criticised the President for comparing Father of the Nation Mahatma Gandhi with Jan Sangh leader Deen Dayal Upadhyaya.?He is no longer a member of any political party but is the President of India. It is very sad and unfortunate that he did not take the name of Nehru who was a freedom fighter though he did mention his cabinet colleagues BR Ambedkar and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in his speech,? leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad told reporters after Kovind?s speech.?He has to protect the Constitution and rise above and think beyond party politics,? Azad said.His party colleague Anand Sharma said it was ?wrong? to compare Mahatma Gandhi with Deen Dayal Upadhyaya.?It is unfortunate that in his first address he chose to equate Mahatma Gandhi with Deen Dayal Upadhyay. It has disrespected history and the fact that while Gandhiji was the mahanayak, Deen Dayalji was neither a leader of India?s freedom movement nor did he make any contribution in building modern India after independence,? Sharma said. ?It is expected that the President rises above partisan considerations.?In his first speech after being sworn in as the 14th President of India in the central hall of Parliament, Kovind remembered Mahatma Gandhi, Ambedkar and Sardar Patel.Read more:  Pomp and tradition come together as new president Ram Nath?Kovind takes office?Our Independence was the result of efforts by thousands of patriotic freedom fighters led by Mahatma Gandhi. Later, Sardar Patel integrated our nation. Principal architect of our Constitution Babasaheb Bhim Rao Ambedkar instilled in us the value of human dignity and of the republican ethic,? he said.Kovind added, ?These leaders did not believe that simply political freedom was enough. For them, it was crucial to also achieve economic and social freedom for millions of our people.?Concluding his speech, the President said, ?We need to sculpt a robust, high growth economy, an educated, ethical and shared community, and an egalitarian society, as envisioned by Mahatma Gandhi and Deen Dayal Upadhyay ji. These are integral to our sense of humanism. This is the India of our dreams, an India that will provide equality of opportunities. This will be the India of the 21st century.? \r\nThe Vatican has turned off 100 fountains for the first time in years due to a prolonged drought affecting the city state and surrounding Italian city Rome. The Vatican said this was its "way of living in solidarity with Rome." Rome, which has also closed drinking fountains, is considering water rationing for as many as eight hours a day. \r\nVatican authorities have turned off 100 fountains, including two Baroque masterpieces in St. Peter?s Square, due to a prolonged drought affecting the tiny city state and the city of Rome, which surrounds it. Suffocating summer heat has followed two years of lower-than-average rainfall in Rome, forcing the Italian capital to close drinking fountains and consider the prospect of water rationing.More than a million residents of Rome are facing water rationing for up to eight hours a day as the prolonged heatwave that has ravaged southern Europe takes its toll. Vatican spokesman Greg Burke said it was the first time authorities in the spiritual home of the world?s 1.2 billion Catholics could remember being forced to turn off the fountains. Standing in St Peter?s Square, where two fountains by 17th-century sculptors Carlo Maderno and Gian Lorenzo Bernini stood dry, Burke said the Vatican wanted to help. ?This is the Vatican?s way of living in solidarity with Rome, trying to help Rome get through this crisis,? he told Reuters TV.The measure was initiated on Monday, and all 100 Vatican fountains will be turned off gradually over the coming days. Rome is gasping after 72% less rain than normal fell in July, according to Sky Italia?s weather TV channel. There was 74% less than normal in June, and a 56% reduction from the long-term average across March, April and May. Caring for the planet and its resources is an important issue for Pope Francis, who demanded swift action by world leaders in the first ever papal document dedicated to the environment. ?This decision is very much in line with the pope?s thinking on ecology: you can?t waste and sometimes you have to be willing to make a sacrifice,? Burke said. \r\nThe Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had stopped printing the ?2,000 currency notes about five months ago and has started printing the smaller denomination ?200 notes, people familiar with the matter said. They also added that around a billion new ?200 notes are expected to be in circulation next month and, no more ?2,000 notes will be printed this fiscal.\r\nThe Reserve Bank of India (RBI) stopped printing 2,000-rupee notes about five months ago, stepping up instead the production of smaller bills, including a new Rs 200, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.The central bank is also unlikely to print more 2000-rupee notes in the current financial year, they said on condition of anonymity.The government brought in the 2000-rupee note to quickly tide over a cash crunch from demonetisation, but fewer lower-value currency in circulation meant people struggled to change the big denomination bill.The RBI?s focus now on printing small bills is aimed at bridging that gap.About 3.7 billion 2,000-rupee notes amounting to Rs 7.4 trillion have been printed, said one of the people cited above. That more than compensates for the 6.3 billion 1,000-rupee bills withdrawn from November 8.?Most of the printing that?s being done, about 90% is only 500-rupee notes. Nearly 14 billion pieces of new 500-rupee notes have been printed so far,? one of the people cited above said.That is also close to the 15.7 billion of old 500-rupee notes (amounting to Rs7.85 trillion) withdrawn from circulation after November 8.Not all the new notes printed so far have been released into circulation by the central bank.RBI data shows that currency in circulation stood at Rs 15.22 trillion as on 14 July, eight months after demonetisation. This is about 86% of the Rs 17.7 trillion that was in circulation on November 4.Separately, the RBI?s Mysore press has also started printing the new 200-rupee bills, which are likely to come into circulation next month, according to a second person.?Initially, around a billion 200-rupee notes are expected to hit the market,? this person added.The central bank did not respond to an email seeking comment.The new batches of 500-rupee notes are expected to ease the shortage of 2,000-rupee notes in circulation that is being reported in certain parts of the country.?The cash crunch which existed till two months ago has now eased with RBI increasing supply of 500-rupee notes over the last 40 days,? said Neeraj Vyas, deputy managing director, State Bank of India (SBI).?But we have also seen a sharp drop in the supply of 2,000-rupee notes during this period.?A July 19 report from SBI?s economic research wing showed that cash on hand with banks is high at 5.4% of currency in circulation compared with 3.8% pre-demonetisation. This shows that there is excess cash lying in ATMs or bank branches, most of which could mostly be 2,000-rupee notes, concluded the report.?Although we haven?t seen any drop in supply of 2,000-rupee notes, we expect it to be moved out of ATMs once 200-rupee notes hit the market,? said Radha Rama Dorai, country head, ATM and allied services, at ATM service provider FIS.(Additional reporting by Mahua Venkatesh)\r\nBritish swimmer Adam Peaty broke the 50-metre breaststroke world record twice in a day, in the World Aquatics Championships semi-final in Budapest on Tuesday. The 22-year-old defending champion won the semi-final in 25.95 seconds, eclipsing his 26.10 seconds world record set in the heats. Peaty has now broken the 50-metre breaststroke record four times, the first instance being in 2014.\r\nAdam Peaty surprised even himself after improving his own 50 metres breaststroke world record by almost half a second in one day at the world championships in Budapest on Tuesday.The Olympic champion won 100m breaststroke gold on Monday?s second day and vowed there would be ?something special? over one length on Tuesday. But even the 22-year-old did not expect what happened ? a 0.47sec improvement on the world record of 26.42sec he set in winning the 50m title in Kazan, Russia in 2015.Peaty clocked 26.10 in the morning heat, 0.44 ahead of his nearest rival, and improved his mark to 25.95 in the evening semi-final, 0.73sec clear of the field.?I didn?t think I was going to do that,? said Peaty, who shook his head in disbelief after seeing his time. Peaty, though, knows what matters is the title , when he will likely also be part of the British 4x100m mixed medley relay team seeking to win successive golds after victory in 2015. He added: ?I enjoyed it tonight. Obviously it?s nothing without the gold that goes along with it.?I?m going to be focusing now, staying neutral and see what we get tomorrow.? Peaty?s advantage is a huge margin over two lengths of the pool, let alone one. But he is focused on himself, having learned from experience since 2014 and winning Commonwealth, European, world and Olympic titles.?This morning I wasn?t prepared to do a world record,? Peaty added.?It was just me easing through the stroke and touching the wall. Progressing to the semi-final. It was the same tonight. I was on such a massive high from this morning and it was so hard to ignore the fact that I did a world record and try to get myself emotionally ready. I thought I was going to go slower [in the semi-final] because I was a little bit less energetic.?Peaty has the five fastest times in history over 50m breaststroke, a non-Olympic event, and admitted a sub-26sec swim had not been on his radar, with his focus on what he calls Project 56 ? swimming beneath 57sec over 100m, since Rio. He said: ?This morning everyone was like Project 25 and I was like ?go on then?. I just dived in tonight and was like ?I feel good?. I wasn?t that far behind after the start, which was a bonus for me.?Peaty surfaces sooner than his rivals, but so he is so powerful that he surges through the water.Cameron van der Burgh of South Africa, Peaty?s predecessor as world champion in 2013, clocked 26.54 in the morning heat, but finished his semi-final in 26.74 as Brazil?s Felipe Lima beat him in 26.68. Peaty is likely to be kept in reserve in the morning heats of the mixed medley relay, with Ross Murdoch an able deputy, and, assuming they qualify, Britain will be confident of success with Peaty coming in for an event which is now on the Olympic programme.Duncan Scott and James Guy earlier missed out on adding to Britain?s medal collection, which included Ben Proud?s 50m butterfly gold on Monday.. Scott and Guy had to settle for fourth and fifth place, respectively, in the 200m freestyle as the Olympic champion Sun Yang of China won his second gold, after 400m victory on Sunday. The Britons? semi-final times would have been good enough for the podium. ?It?s very disappointing. I think I got a little bit carried away at the start of the race,? Guy said.Scott, who begins his 100m freestyle campaign on Wednesday, said: ?I?m proud of that swim. I don?t think I did anything wrong, just others stepped up and performed when they needed to.?Kathleen Dawson was eighth in the 100m backstroke won by Canada?s Kylie Masse in a world record time of 58.10. And Sarah Vasey was eighth in the 100m breaststroke as the Olympic champion Lilly King of the United States won in 1:04.13.\r\nWorkers of Vivo phone factory on Tuesday protested and damaged the company premises in Greater Noida, alleging that the Chinese firm had sacked over 60 employees without giving prior notice. They claimed that Vivo, the title sponsor of IPL T20, hired many workers during the IPL season but fired over 1,000 employees after the matches ended nearly two months ago.\r\nThe workers at a mobile phone factory in Greater Noida turned violent on Tuesday evening when the company?s management sacked over 60 workers without any prior notice. Over the last couple of months, after Indian Premier League cricket tournament was concluded, Vivo company handed over pink slips to over a thousand workers. The Chinese handset maker has been one of the official sponsors of the 10th edition of IPL this year.The growing resentment among the workers took a violent turn on Tuesday, when one of the guards of the company allegedly slapped a worker after he asked about his job.Soon after the incident, thousands of workers gathered and staged a protest against the errant policies of the company. The workers inside the factory also broke windowpanes of the building and cell phone assembly units in the factory.Police at the Vivo factory in Greater Noida.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tA clash between security guards and workers continued outside the company gates for about half an hour, before the police took over. Some workers reportedly received minor injuries during the clash.According to one of the workers, who was fired by the company on Tuesday, the company hired many workers during IPL season, and started laying them off when the season concluded. He said that the company has sacked over a thousand employees in the last few months and has plans to fire 2,000 more. Gautam Budh Nagar?s Senior Superintendent of Police, Love Kumar, said, ?The situation is under control. We have asked the workers not to indulge in any kind of violence and have also asked company to mend their policies.?Vivo officials were not available for comments.?In last couple of months, the cell phone maker has handed pink slips to over thousand workers and plans to axe about 2000 more in near future. Given the sensitivity of the matter, we shall post police personnel near the IT park on Wednesday morning,? said Suniti, Superintendent of Police (Rural)According to Manmohan Sharma, an official of World Trade Centre (IT Park complex), where the Vivo factory is situated, the company had asked its employees to leave after lunch as they did not have much work. The workers staged a protest and attacked security guards of the commercial complex who did not let them enter the factory.?We are told by the VIVO?officials that the employees who created a ruckus are on contractual basis, so no notices were served to them prior to sacking. They attacked security guards and ransacked the building. The estimated loss to the building owing to the attack is of around Rs 10-12 lakh. We shall identify the attackers through CCTV and lodge FIR against them,? said Sharma.\r\nAir India plans to serve a variety of wines, mocktails, and regional cuisines to its business and first class passengers on international flights, starting October. The airline also plans to offer passengers the food of their choice, and impart refresher training to chefs across 28 countries who have "lost their Indian touch." It will introduce new cutlery for premium passengers. \r\nA variety of wines, mocktails for teetotallers and regional cuisine - this is Air India?s recipe for wooing business and first class passengers on international flights, according to its spokesperson.The proposal comes after the ministry of civil aviation instructed personnel from Air India?s catering division to ?spend more to fill the aircraft? during a meeting last month, said an official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.?We will first implement this plan for business and first class passengers on our international flights. Later on, we plan to introduce mocktails and regional cuisine on domestic flights. If this is successful we intend to expand this to economy class as well,? said Air India spokesperson Dhananjay Kumar.The new menu is likely to be implemented for the winter schedule, which kicks in from October end.According to the blueprint prepared last week, the airline also plans to introduce new and better cutlery for its premium passengers.Also on the anvil is a suggestion to offer such passengers the food of their choice, which will be gathered from them a couple of days ahead of their journey.The airline will also be imparting refresher training for its chefs across 28 countries who have ?lost their Indian touch?.According to the spokesperson, once the new menu is finalised it will be showcased at an exhibition here in September.Air India?s international flights currently witness 70% seat occupancy in business class and 37% in first class. Officials hope that even a 10% increase in passengers in this segment will mean a significant boost in revenue for the airline.\r\nRussian pranksters fooled US Energy Secretary Rick Perry into believing he was discussing American coal exports and pig manure with Ukrainian PM Volodymyr Groysman. The pranksters convinced Perry that Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had invented a new biofuel made using pig manure and home-brewed alcohol. Perry called the idea "interesting," saying he looked forward to meeting Poroshenko. \r\nThe US energy secretary Rick Perry has become the latest victim of a pair of Russian phone pranksters who have previously fooled Elton John into thinking he was chatting to Vladimir Putin.On this occasion, Perry believed he was discussing American coal exports with Ukraine?s prime minister, Volodymyr Groysman. In fact, he was talking to Vladimir Krasnov and Alexei Stolyarov, Russian pranksters who have become known for targeting celebrities and politicians with audacious stunts, energy department spokeswoman Shaylyn Hynes confirmed.Suspicions might have been raised when the 22-minute conversation turned to a claim by the pretend PM that the Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko had invented a new biofuel made from home-brewed alcohol and pig manure, according to a translation reported in the Washington Post.The energy secretary ? who appeared to be relying on a translator during the conversation ? welcomed the idea as ?interesting?. He would be visiting Kiev in August, he told his caller. ?I look forward to visiting with the president and getting a more in-depth briefing ? If that?s the result, then he?s going to be a very, very wealthy and successful man.?Krasnov and Stolyarov are sometimes called the ?Jerky Boys of Russia?, named after an American duo who put out recordings of their prank phone calls in the 1990s. The pair famously made a prank call to Elton John, who thought he was speaking to the Russian president.?These individuals are known for pranking high-level officials and celebrities, particularly those who are supportive of an agenda that is not in line with their governments. In this case, the energy security of Ukraine,? Hynes said. During the call on 19 July, Perry, whose department oversees the US nuclear weapons program, discussed a range of topics, including sanctions against Russia and helping Ukraine develop oil and gas.He also said the Trump administration opposes Nord Stream 2, a Russian project to bring natural gas to Europe across the Baltic, and that US technology could help Ukraine develop gas. ?Giving Ukraine more options with some of our technology is, I think, in everyone?s best interest ? with the exception of the Russians, but that?s OK,? he said. Perry also discussed the Paris climate accord, defending Donald Trump?s decision to withdraw the US from the agreement: ?Our position is that it?s our record that should be looked at, not whether or not we have signed on to some international accord ? The president made the decision that the cost to the United States to be in the Paris accord was not in our best interests.?The call, first reported by E&E news, was recorded and posted online. It happened about a month after Perry met with a Ukrainian delegation at the energy department.Trump said last month that Washington plans to offer Ukraine more coal exports from the United States because the eastern European nation?s industrial sector has difficulty securing coal from separatist-held regions. It is unclear how the United States would bring more coal to Ukraine but Perry hinted on the call that the commerce department was working on it. ?The coal conversation at this particular point in time is with [secretary of commerce Wilbur Ross] and I full well suspect it will go forward,? he said on the call.Reuters contributed to this report. \r\nReacting to Hollywood actor Nicolas Cage wearing traditional Kazakhstani outfit at the 13th annual Eurasia International Festival, a user tweeted, "Maybe it's just a wax mannequin posing as the real". "In even other news Nicholas Cage has no idea where he is, how he got there, or why he's wearing that," wrote another user. \r\nNicolas Cage on Sunday travelled to Kazakhstan to attend the 13th annual Eurasia International Festival, where he posed next to the country?s first lady, Sara Nazarbayeva. His comically blank expression and the ornate traditional clothes he was wearing ignited the internet?s imagination, and the memes have been pouring in ever since.Over the years, Nicolas Cage?s career has become the source of much hilarity online. His increasingly bizarre roles and performances inspire numerous GIFs and memes - and this time is no different.According to his IMDb page, the Oscar-winner has 21 movies to his credit in the period between 2014-2018.While some fans used his images to poke fun at President Donald Trump, others photoshopped him into other fan-favourite memes, like the ?Sad Ben Affleck? one that went viral in 2016.Here are some of the best reactions we found:Nic Cage in Kazakhstan added to the photo of "People who don't know WTH they're doing there". pic.twitter.com/eNJSlAX0Fi? Persian Rose (@PersianRose1) July 24, 2017The things Nicholas Cage is willing to do to steal the Declaration of Independence is truly admirable. pic.twitter.com/GzE22NXjQy? smol satan (@spacebabyBlake) July 24, 2017Nicholas Cage looks like he's just heard 9 of the 10 activation words and is about to go full Winter Soldier. pic.twitter.com/liabS5MZJ1? Hanna Flint (@HannaFlint) July 24, 2017Maybe its just a wax mannequin posing as the real #NicholasCage https://t.co/o4VOw9LdyT? Mia (@skandika) July 24, 2017In even other news Nicholas Cage has no idea where he is, how he got there, or why he's wearing that. https://t.co/0UvBMN0gE5? Timwie J. Malmsteen (@Gargotheron) July 24, 2017Nicholas Cage in Kazakhstan in our traditional attire lmao pic.twitter.com/MAAWpB8skC? Adil4Real (@adil_4_real) July 23, 2017President Trump Sends Negotiators To Kazakhstan To Seek Release Of Nicholas Cage. pic.twitter.com/rFMmQUd4ep? Denlesks (@Denlesks) July 24, 2017This picture of Nicholas Cage in Kazakhstan pretty much made my day. pic.twitter.com/FauuOJBK5H? Nathan Hodge (@nohodge) July 23, 2017Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nSania Mirza has called Indian women's team captain Mithali Raj an "incredible ambassador for the game of cricket". "Mithali has been performing amazingly for many years... I really hope this appreciation that all the girls are getting continues because they deserve it," said Sania. Mithali became the first Indian captain to lead the team in two ODI World Cup finals.\r\nTennis star Sania Mirza recently lauded the Indian Women?s cricket team and skipper Mithali Raj for their excellent performance in ICC Women?s Cricket World Cup.Terming Mithali an ?incredible ambassador,? the 30-year-old told ANI, ?Mithali (Raj) has been performing amazingly for many years; she is an incredible ambassador for the game of cricket.?READ?|?After Women?s Cricket World Cup high, time to give Mithali Raj and Co. their dueAdding, ?I really hope this appreciation that all the girls are getting continues because they deserve it.?Sania Mirza recently played at the Wimbledon Open in the doubles category but crashed out in the third round of the womens? doubles category, after losing to former partner Martina Hingis and Chan Yung-Jan.\r\nA group of BJP MPs raised slogans of 'Jai Shri Ram' and 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai' after President Ram Nath Kovind was sworn-in at the Parliament's Central Hall on Tuesday. Many officials also thumped their desks after the 71-year-old took the oath as the 14th President of India. Kovind was given a 21-gun salute to mark the assumption of office.\r\nA section of BJP MPs shouted Jai Shri Ram after Ram Nath Kovind was sworn in as India's 14th President in a ceremony in Parliament's Central Hall today.Full text: President Ram Nath Kovind's speech in ParliamentThe slogan Jai Shri Ram originated during the Ram Janmabhoomi-Babari Masjid movement in the 80s that catapulted the BJP from a marginal player to India's political mainstream.Kovind, former Bihar Governor, is a long-time member of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the ideological fountainhead of the BJP.President inspecting Guard of Honour. pic.twitter.com/8LbBvDveSxThis is not the first time Jai Shri Ram slogans were raised inside Parliament.In March this year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi was greeted with the same slogan by the BJP MPs when he walked into the House following the party's stunning victory in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand Assembly elections.Opposition leaders have often accused Modi of using the presidential race, which Kovind won easily in an electoral college last week, to further a divisive Hindutva agenda.Kovind's rise also caps a series of top appointments backed by Modi - including naming hardline Yogi Adityanath as Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh - that tighten the grip of the Hindu right on key public offices. ALSO READ:\xa0What President Ram Nath Kovind said in his first address after taking oath\r\nRailway Ministry is planning to introduce an integrated ticketing system in the next three years, which will be first introduced in Mumbai on pilot basis. The system will provide all-in-one tickets for all public transportation in the city including BEST buses, local trains, Metros, black-and-yellow taxis and autorickshaws. The MMRDA will reportedly float a tender for the system in October.\r\nThe railway ministry plans to introduce its ambitious integrated ticketing system in the next three years and Mumbai will be the first city to experience it. The project will be implemented in the city on a pilot basis and if it?s successful, it will be introduced in other metro cities. Primarily a Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) project, the system will integrate all public transport ? BEST buses, local trains, metros, black-and-yellow taxis and autorickshaws. The ministry hopes that more than 80 % of the city?s suburban commuters will opt for the all-in-one tickets. Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) and Central and Western Railway officials are currently studying different ways to sync the new software with the existing system. The project will be executed in two stages: in the first, the software will be integrated with the existing ticketing system and in the second, entry and exit gates will be installed at stations. Railway authorities also hope the new ticketing system will reduce losses as it will need less manpower. The railway panel?s findings will be submitted to MMRDA and the railway board in August. ?MRVC will present the railways? perspective to the MMRDA, which is the primary organisation for the integrated ticketing system,? said Prabhat Sahai, chairman and MD, MRVC.Sources said chief minister Devendra Fadnavis is keen on the project.  The Brihamumbai Electric Supply and Transport (BEST), which runs bus services, and Mumbai Metro One Private Limited (MMOPL), which manages the Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar Metro, have agreed to modify their ticketing systems for the new tickets. With new Metro lines coming up in the city, MMRDA said the single ticketing system would be a boon to travellers. The consultants for the Metro lines will submit a detailed report to the body on the system?s implementation. According to sources, the MMRDA is likely to float a tender for the single ticket system in October.\r\nPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday reprimanded BJP MPs for low attendance in the Parliament. He said that Bills are getting stuck because of the quorum not being complete in either House. PM Modi pointed out that especially on Fridays there is a no show from many members post lunch and such conduct is not acceptable.\r\nAt the weekly BJP Parliamentary Party meeting, the Prime Minister today chided party MPs for low attendance in Parliament. He spoke of Bills getting stuck because of the quorum not being complete at times in either House. Prime Minister Modi said passage of Bills is the responsibility of the ruling establishment and if they were stalled because of poor attendance, then it was disappointing.The Prime Minister, pointed out that on Fridays especially, during sessions, members do a no-show post-lunch, which is not acceptable.Every session, the Prime Minister has been reprimanding party MPs for their poor show of attendance. But it all seems to have fallen on deaf ears.Meanwhile, Prime Minister Modi also expressed concern that 22 MP votes had been declared invalid in the recent Presidential elections. While it is not revealed, which political denominations these votes belonged to, the Prime Minister expressed worry that despite specific instructions on the voting process, crucial votes had been declared invalid and accounted for nil.A day before polling, in fact, a presentation was given to the NDA collegium on the protocols of the process. Prime Minister Modi said that MPs whose votes had been cast aside, had eventually let down their constituents.ALSO READS:Monsoon Session: Opposition united on five fronts against Narendra Modi govtMonsoon Session begins today: What to expect over 19 sittings of ParliamentALSO WATCH: Jai Shri Ram: How some BJP MPs greeted Ram Nath Kovind after his swearing-in\r\nNiti Aayog cited Air India's "fragile finances" as the main reason for recommending its disinvestment, Union Minister Jayant Sinha informed the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. "Niti Aayog... says that further support to an unviable non-priority company in a matured and competitive aviation sector would not be the best use of scarce financial resources of the government," Sinha added.\r\n\r\nThe US House of Representatives on Tuesday voted 419-3 to approve new sanctions on Russia for its interference in the 2016 presidential elections, despite President Donald Trump objecting to the legislation. The bill would also levy new sanctions against North Korea and Iran over the nations' ballistic missile programs. White House officials said they are reviewing the bill.\r\nThe House of Representatives overwhelmingly voted on Tuesday to approve new sanctions on Russia, setting up a potential showdown with the White House.By a 419-3 vote, the House approved a bill to that would levy new sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea. It combines new measures targeting Russia for its interference in the 2016 election, as well as provisions intended to curb North Korea?s nuclear weapons program and Iranian militarism.Only three libertarian-leaning Republicans ? Justin Amash of Michigan, Tom Massie of Kentucky and Jimmy Duncan of Tennessee ? voted against the bill in the House.The bill had been bogged down in controversy in recent weeks over objections from the Trump administration. The White House has been opposed to a provision in the bill that requires congressional approval for any attempt by the president to lift the sanctions on Russia.An earlier Senate version of the bill passed 98-2, but was only aimed at Russia and Iran. It did not include the measures against North Korea, which are now in the House bill. The latest bill must now return to the Senate, where it is expected to pass easily, before it is sent to Trump.Despite the White House?s opposition to the bill, it is likely to become law. Even if Trump decides to veto the legislation, it has already passed both chambers by veto-proof margins.In a statement, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that ?while the President supports tough sanctions on North Korea, Iran and Russia, the White House is reviewing the House legislation and awaits a final legislative package for the President?s desk?.The legislation passed the House the same day Trump?s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, spoke to the House intelligence committee about the Trump campaign?s ties to Russia. Russian interference in the 2016 election is the subject of multiple investigations ? including one by special counsel Robert Mueller ? as well as committees on Capitol Hill, and questions have been raised in particular about allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. The White House has vigorously denied the suggestion that there was any collusion and has repeatedly called the investigations into Russia?s role in the election ?a witch hunt?.\r\nNewly-appointed President Ram Nath Kovind is the first from Uttar Pradesh to hold the country's highest post. Some of the previous Presidents with singular records are Dr Rajendra Prasad, who is the only President to be elected thrice. Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is the only President to be elected unopposed, while APJ Abdul Kalam was the only bachelor in all Presidents.\r\nFormer Bihar governor Ram Nath Kovind took oath as the 14th President of India today at the historic Central Hall in Parliament.With this, Ram Nath Kovind, who was born in Paraukh village of Kanpur, is also the first Uttar Pradesh-born President of India. A two-time Rajya Sabha member, Ram Nath Kovind is also the second Dalit to become the President after K R Narayanan. A LOOK AT SOME OF THE SINGULAR RECORDS OF PREVIOUS PRESIDENTS OF INDIA:Dr Rajendra PrasadHe was the first President of an Independent India, and remains the only President to be elected thrice. He was elected unanimously as the President by the Constituent Assembly when India became a Republic in 1950. He served as President from January 26, 1950 to 14 May, 1962.Neelam Sanjiva ReddyThe seventh presidential election was held in 1977 and Neelam Sanjiva Reddy was elected unopposed to the post, the only one to have achieved this feat till date. While 37 candidates had filed their nomination for the election, the returning officer found only Reddy's nomination valid. Reddy was 63 years old when he took over as the President, making him the youngest to hold the office till date. He is also the only president to have contested twice in the presidential election--losing the election to V V Giri in 1969 by a slim margin, and getting elected unopposed in 1977. R VenkataramanR Venkataraman was elected to the post of President in 1987 and became the first President to have a foreign-born spouse. Janaki Venkataraman was born in Pegu, Myanmar. Later, K R Narayanan became the second President to have a foreign-born spouse. Usha Narayanan was born in Myanmar. In 1950, then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru granted special permission to Narayanan, an IFS officer, to marry a foreign national. K R Narayanan was also the first Dalit to become the country's President. \xa0Dr APJ Abdul KalamAPJ Abdul Kalam, the pioneer of country's space and missile programme, was elected as President of India in 2002. He was the only bachelor to have held the country's highest office.Pratibha PatilIn 2007, Pratibha Patil became the first woman to occupy the post of President. Patil's husband Devisingh Shekhawat became the First Gentleman of India, a first in the history of Independent India.ALSO READ:Jai Shri Ram slogans raised in Parliament after Ram Nath Kovind's swearing in\r\nShiv Sena leader Sunil Shitap was booked for culpable homicide over the collapse of a four-storey building in which 12 people were killed in Mumbai's Ghatkopar on Tuesday. Shitap, who owned the building's ground floor, reportedly carried out illegal renovations that weakened the building. Interestingly, the building wasn't on the Mumbai civic body's list of 791 unsafe buildings this year.\r\nA dozen people, including two infants, were killed when a 35-year-old four-storey building collapsed on Tuesday in the Ghatkopar suburb of Mumbai, a tragedy that repeats almost every monsoon in India?s space-starved financial capital.The Siddhi Sai building at Damodar Park near Shreyas cinema in western Ghatkopar came apart and trapped more than 20 people around 10.45am. Many of them are still under the rubble.Among the dead were four old people, three-month-old Renuka Thak and Krishu Dongre, who was one-and-a-half years old.The ground floor housed a nursing home, which was vacant, while the rest of the building was occupied by three or four families on each floor. Lalit Thak, who lost daughter Renuka, had shifted to the building from nearby slums three months ago.Shiv Sena leader Sunil Shitap, who owns the ground floor and allegedly made structural changes that weakened the building, was charged with culpable homicide and detained by police.Mumbai mayor Vishwanath Mahadeshwar denied Shitap was from his party and said: ?Appropriate action must be taken against the culprit, whoever he is.?Residents said pillars and beams were damaged when the ground floor was renovated and that caused the building to collapse. Civic officials, however, refused to assign a reason and said the cause will be known after investigation.Binita Ramchandani, a resident whose mother was injured, blamed the Shiv Sena leader for the tragedy.?Despite residents objecting his altering the building?s pillars, he went ahead because of his political clout. He was trying to convert it into a guesthouse,? she alleged.Pravin Chheda, a Congress leader, said Shitap must compensate the people.Municipal commissioner Ajoy Mehta ordered a probe while police are investigating if negligence is involved in the disaster.According to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, there were 15 flats, three each on every floor, of which nine were vacant.The fire brigade pressed 90 personnel, 14 engines, two rescue vans and nine ambulances in its rescue efforts. About 300 rescuers, including National Disaster Response Force members, were working late into the night, looking for signs of life and bodies trapped in the rubble.Sanjay Pawar, from the nearby slums, said he dashed for the site after hearing a crashing sound that he initially thought came from a falling tree. Samriddhi Mayekar, another slum-dweller who worked at the building, saw the structure shake vigorously before it came crashing down.Building collapses are common in Mumbai, especially during the monsoon that runs from late June to September.The civic authorities conduct pre-rain checks and declare buildings unsafe when they find one. The Ghatkopar apartment did not feature among the dangerous buildings on the BMC?s list of 791 structures identified unsafe this year.But Mumbai is susceptible with millions forced to live in cramped, ramshackle properties because of rising real estate prices and a lack of housing for the poor.The city has been hit by several deadly building collapses in recent years, often caused by shoddy construction, poor quality materials or ageing buildings.In 2013, 145 people were killed in three separate building collapses around Mumbai, the highest in recent years.A dilapidated building left 12 people dead when it collapsed near the city in August 2015. Nine people died the same month when another old three-storey building collapsed in monsoon rain in the Mumbai suburb of Thakurli.In a separate incident on Tuesday, a building partially collapsed in Kolkata after days of rain. Several people were trapped in the rubble, but there were no immediate reports of casualties.With agency inputs\r\nGoa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar has clarified that no more permissions for casinos, both on land and off-shore, will be granted in the state. The number of off-shore casinos in Mandovi river would be capped to existing five vessels, which will be shifted to land in the next three years, Parrikar added. \r\nPanaji, Jul 24 (PTI) Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar today assured the House that no more permissions for casinos -? on land and off shore -? would be granted in the state. Parrikar also told the state legislative assembly that the legislation which was enacted in the year 2012 banning entry of Goans on off shore casinos would be implemented with certain changes in the next three months. In yet another announcement, Parrikar also said that the number of off shore casinos in Mandovi river would be capped to existing five vessels, which\xa0would be shifted to land in next three years. The chief minister was responding to various issues related to casinos raised by opposition benches during demands for grants for Home portfolio on the floor of the House. Parrikar pointed out that during his tenure in the year 2012, he had passed a legislation which allowed only tourists to visit the off shore casinos. "The legislation never came into force after that," he said. Parrikar said that in the existing act, the state government has power to cap the number of casinos in a particular area. "We will use these powers capping the number of off shore casinos in Mandovi river to only five which are existing. The sixth casino will not be allowed," he said. "The sixth off shore casino can go somewhere else and can operate only if people of the area dont have a problem," he said. Parrikar also assured the House that the amendment to the Prevention of Gambling Act would be made during next assembly session which will ensure that all the casinos in river Mandovi cease to exist after three years. "We will delete the clause that allows casino on vessel. The off shore casinos will be given an option to move to land in the special entertainment zone where Goans would be banned from entering," he said. \r\nFormer President Pranab Mukherjee made a personal Twitter account by the handle '@CitiznMukherjee'. He earlier used to tweet from the '@rashtrapatibhvn' account, which now represents President Ram Nath Kovind. Further, all tweets made by Mukherjee as President have been archived at '@POI13'. Interestingly, it was Mukherjee who had started the Indian President's official Twitter handle.\r\nAs Pranab Mukherjee left the palatial Rashtrapati Bhavan to make way for India's 14th President Ram Nath Kovind, who was sworn-in today, to his new residence at 10 Rajaji Marg, a change of guard was also reflected on Twitter.As part of a digital transition, the Twitter handle of @rashtrapatibhvn now represents Ram Nath Kovind.#PresidentKovind at work pic.twitter.com/0QK5IE8Q5zAll tweets made under the past president Pranab Mukherjee have now been archived under a new Twitter handle @POI13.Pranab Mukherjee will however continue to tweet under a new handle @CitiznMukherjee. This will act as a personal account of Pranab Mukherjee.At 10 Rajaji Marg as President Kovind saw me off.Thank you all for your goodwishes.#CitizenMukherjeepic.twitter.com/IFq74umPjuHis new Twitter handle reminds what Mukherjee had said yesterday about returning from the Rashtrapati Bhavan as a citizen after spending five years as India's first citizen."When I speak to you tomorrow, it will not be as the President but as a citizen - a pilgrim like all of you in India's onward march towards glory," Mukherjee had said in his last address to the nation as President."What's happening in India and around the world, happens on Twitter. Today, we are paving the way for the digital transition of the President of India's official account," said Mahima Kaul, head of public policy, Twitter India."The new president, Ram Nath Kovind, will now use the official President of India account @RashtrapatiBhvn," Kaul said.A smooth transition between administrations was one of Mukherjee's top priorities as president, she said, adding that digital was a key pillar in today's Internet age.President Pranab Mukherjee was India's first President to have started tweeting.He created hashtag #PresidentMukherjee on Twitter to engage with citizens through his term.President Mukherjee sent his first Tweet as the President of India on 1 July 2014. During his term, President Mukherjee's most retweeted tweet was about demonetisation last year.\r\nTerrorist group Hizbul Mujahideen chief Syed Salahuddin has claimed in media that his outfit can attack any part of India, Minister of State for Home Affairs Hansraj Ahir said in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday. The militant group has been getting logistic support, including arms and ammunition, from Pakistan, the minister added. \r\nTerrorist group Hizbul Mujahideen chief Syed Salahuddin is reported to have made claims that his outfit has the ability to hit targets anywhere in India at any time, Lok Sabha was informed on Tuesday.?Syed Salahuddin, supreme commander of the terrorist group - Hizbul Mujahideen, is reported to have made such a claim in the media,? minister of state for home Hansraj Ahir said in a written reply.Ahir said the militant group has been getting logistic support, including arms and ammunition, from Pakistan.?As per available information, some of the weapons and other items recovered from the encounter sites have the markings of the foreign countries,? he said.Last month, Salahuddin was designated as a ?global terrorist? by the United States.Replying to another question, Ahir said in 2017 (up to July 16), 104 terrorists have been killed in Jammu and Kashmir as a result of coordinated action between the security agencies. \r\nGoa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said that the state is planning to provide financial assistance to farmers to help them take care of their old cows. "The economical viability of maintaining a cow lasts till it gives milk. Once the cow becomes old, it is uneconomical and unaffordable for the farmers," Parrikar added. \r\nGoa chief minister Manohar Parrikar said Tuesday the state government is planning to come up with a scheme to provide financial help to farmers so that they can take care of their old cows.The state has already banned cow slaughter through a legislation enacted in 1978, he said.?The economical viability of maintaining a cow lasts till it gives milk. Once the cow becomes old, it is uneconomical and unaffordable for the farmers,? Parrikar said in the state Legislative Assembly during the Question Hour.He said the state government will prepare a scheme to provide financial help to the farmers to take care of the old cows till the cattle?s death.The issue was raised on the floor of the House by former chief minister Pratapsinh Rane (Congress), who said farmers found it unaffordable to maintain the old cows.Parrikar said scheme would be worked out in next two to three months, on the lines of the state?s Stray Cattle Management Scheme. \r\nPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday took to Twitter to honour and pay tribute to the martyrs of Kargil war on the occasion of 18th Kargil Vijay Diwas. "Kargil Vijay Diwas reminds us of India's military prowess & the great sacrifices our armed forces make while steadfastly keeping India safe," PM Modi said in one of the tweets.\r\nHonouring the Kargil martyrs today on 18th Vijay Diwas, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a series of tweets lauded the gallantry of Indian military and paid tribute to the valiant soldiers of 1999 war. "Kargil Vijay Diwas reminds us of India's military prowess & the great sacrifices our armed forces make while steadfastly keeping India safe," the Prime Minister tweeted. Kargil Vijay Diwas reminds us of India\xe2??s military prowess & the great sacrifices our armed forces make while steadfastly keeping India safe.He added, "Remembering our brave soldiers who fought gallantly for the pride of our nation & the security of our citizens during the Kargil War."The Central Command of the Indian Army will celebrate Vijay Diwas today through a series of functions, a defence spokesperson said on Monday.Defence Minister Arun Jaitley and chief of all Indian armed forces paid their respects to the martyrs of Kargil War at the Amar Jyoti in the national capital. Meanwhile, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath along with the state governor Ram Naik laid wreath on the war memorial for the Kargil heroes at the Smriti Vatika in Lucknow. The wreath laying ceremony is underway at the Kargil War Memorial in Jammu and Kashmir's Dras sector. J&K (Dras): Wreath laying ceremony held to pay tribute to soldiers who lost lives in Kargil War at Dras War Memorial on Kargil Vijay Diwas pic.twitter.com/UbpzaTwKTRIt is one of the prime events that take place every year on the Vijay Diwas. Dignitaries from the armed forces, civil administration, gallantry award winners and families of martyrs pay their homage to the fallen soldiers.\xa0 The memorial located on the Srinagar-Leh National Highway was built by the army to pay respect to the 1999 war soldiers for their valour and supreme sacrifice. Kargil Vijay Diwas is celebrated all over India on July 26 every year to commemorate the emphatic victory in the Kargil War against Pakistan and honour the war heroes.It was on this day in 1999, the Indian Army successfully took control of posts in extremely difficult and treacherous high altitude and glaciated terrain across the Himalayas in the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir, after fighting for 60 days.With inputs from agencies\r\nThe ruling AIADMK party in Tamil Nadu on Monday said it would take legal action against Karnataka ex-DIG D Roopa if she did not withdraw her bribery charges against party chief VK Sasikala. The police officer had alleged that Sasikala was given special treatment and amenities in prison against rules. Notably, Sasikala was jailed in a disproportionate assets case.\r\nRuling AIADMK on Monday said it would take legal action against senior Karnataka police official D Roopa if she did not withdraw her charges that party general secretary VK Sasikala was provided special treatment in prison, contravening laws.AIADMK mouthpiece ?Namadhu Dr MGR? quoted the party?s Perambur MLA and district secretary P Vetrivel and party?s Karnataka state unit secretary VA Pugazhendi as saying that legal actions would be taken if Roopa did not take back her ?false charges.?As DIG (Prison) a few days ago, Roopa had alleged that Sasikala was provided amenities flouting prison rules. Though she was eased out of the prison department subsequently, she continues to stick to her stand.Sasikala is lodged at Parappana Agrahara central prison in Bengaluru ever since her conviction in February in the disproportionate assets case along with her two relatives VN Sudhakaran and Elavarasi, all serving a 4-year jail term.Extensively quoting the Karnataka Prison Manual, the AIADMK mouthpiece explained rules that permitted amenities for those sentenced to simple imprisonment and in respect of women prisoners.Convicts undergoing simple imprisonment are allowed to wear their own clothes and use their own mattress.With the permission of jail superintendent, the class-1 prisoners could also cook food for themselves inside the jail out of their money and may get help from other prisoners in this regard as well, the daily said. They are entitled to a table, a chair and a mirror.Similarly, they could buy fruits, biscuits from their own funds and get them from their friends and relatives too.Such prisoners could also get help from other prisoners in cleaning the cooking utensils with the permission of the jail superintendent, it said.They could also read books, magazines and newspapers from the prison library and may even buy them from outside if a particular magazine or book is not available in jail.Though she was entitled to such amenities, Sasikala did not even fully utilise them, the ruling party?s mouthpiece, which is perceived to have the backing of party deputy general secretary T T V Dhinakaran?s faction, said.?While this is the real status, former Karnataka Prison DIG Roopa is making allegations. There is not even an iota of truth in any of her charges and she has not released any evidence for the same,? the daily said, attributing it to the party functionaries. ?It is obvious that Chinnamma is fully following all prison rules and she was not provided any special treatment, flouting laws.?The Karnataka government had on July 17 shunted out Roopa who brought to light the alleged special treatment to Sasikala in the central prison in Bengaluru and dragged her senior into a bribery row over the matter.While shifting DIG (Prisons) D Roopa, the government also transferred DGP (Prisons) HN Sathyanarayana Rao after they sparred over a report on the charges in public. \r\nEx-Australian pacer Glenn McGrath, while talking about Sachin Tendulkar's son Arjun who is a left-arm pacer, said he will be a winner if he has the love and passion for cricket like his father. "When you have a name like Tendulkar, those are pretty big shoes to fill," added McGrath. The 17-year-old was bowling in nets to India Women players.\r\nLegendary Australian fast bowler Glenn Mcgrath, with whom Sachin Tendulkar had the fiercest of on field battles, is in Tendulkar's home turf Mumbai for a two day fast bowling camp. The second highest wicket-taker for Australia in Test cricket is the director at the MRF pace foundation and is conducting a short clinic at the invitation of the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA).McGrath when quizzed about Sachin's son, Arjun, having fast bowling aspirations sprung up this response. "I know Sachin wanted to be a fast bowler when he was younger and had come to MRF. So may be...," he quipped recalling the well documented story of a 14-year-old aspiring fast bowler Sachin rejected by then MRF director Dennis Lillee.18-year-old left arm seamer Arjun, who has represented Mumbai Under-14 and Under-16, is still on the learning curve. \r\nThe Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has denied a Ganesh mandal coordination committee's demand to take the approval process for setting up mandals online. The committee claimed that the single-window clearance system which was introduced in 2015 to improve mandal approval rate was ineffective. Reportedly, it will now meet Mayor Vishwanath Mahadeshwar to demand a better clearance system. \r\nWith a month to go for the 10-day Ganeshotsav, a Ganesh mandal coordination committee in the city has asked the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) to take the process to get permission to setup pandals online. \xa0After the Bombay high court  issued a directive against structures encroaching public roads, the civic body had drafted rules for pandals in 2015 to ensure pedestrians do not face any inconvenience during the festival.\xa0\xa0As per this policy, the BMC had made it compulsory for all pandals to get approvals from the police, traffic and fire departments. To improve the application-approval rate, the civic body had introduced single-window clearance in all the 24 wards.\xa0The Brihanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshutsav Samanvay Samiti (BSGSS) pointed out that the single-window clearance system was slow and failed to improve the approval rate, which is why the BMC should start accepting applications online. The committee had met BMC and traffic police department earlier this month to put forth their demands. ?The authorities promised that single-window clearance system will help in quicker approvals or rejections and there will be better coordination between the departments, which was absent last year,? said Naresh Dahibhavkar, president, BSGSS. \xa0The committee will now meet mayor Vishwanath Mahadeshwar to demand a better single-window clearance system.\xa0However, BMC officials said they have no plans to move the system online and all the mandals will have to go to ward offices to submit their applications. The civic official added that though there are more than 11,000 mandals across the city, only 20% of them seek permission to erect pandals during Ganeshotsav.The nine-page circular of the BMC policy was issued to all 24 administrative wards by civic chief Ajoy Mehta, last year, after the HC order.\xa0 It requires organisers to submit a location map with the sketch of the pandal mentioning its length, width and height. \r\nThe Border Roads Organisation (BRO) will reportedly construct two tunnels through Arunachal Pradesh's Sela Pass to cut down the distance to the China border through Tawang by 10 km. The tunnels would reduce travel time by at least an hour and ensure that NH13 and the 171-km stretch between Bomdila and Tawang remain accessible in all weather conditions. \r\nItanagar, Jul 24 (PTI) The Border Roads Organisation (BRO) will construct two tunnels through 4170-metre-high Sela Pass in Arunachal Pradesh, which would cut down the distance to China border through Tawang by 10 km. "The tunnels would cut down at least an hour of travel time between the Army?s 4 Corps headquarters at Tezpur and Tawang. Moreover, the tunnels would ensure that NH 13 and especially the 171 km stretch between Bomdila and Tawang, remains accessible in all weather conditions," a BRO release said here today. This is in keeping with India?s bid for faster access to the Tibet frontier through the tough terrain of the state in the Eastern Himalayas. RS Rao, the commander of the 42 Border Road Task Force under BRO?s Project Vartak has initiated formal requisition to West Kameng Deputy Commissioner (DC) Sonal Swaroop for acquisition of land for construction of Sela Tunnel, the release said. The project constitutes widening of existing single lane road to NH double lane specifications from Baisaki and then taking off a greenfield alignment of length 12.37 km. It also includes construction of two tunnels of length 475 metres and 1790 meters each through Sela-Chabrela ridge meeting the existing Balipara-Chaudur-Tawang road on Nurarang side, it said. The above alignment has been approved by the Chief Engineer, Project Vartak. There is a shorter but less used road along the Bhutan border via Orang in Assam and Kalaktang in Arunachal Pradesh. "Due to construction of tunnels across Sela pass the road length reduces by approximately 6.50 km in addition obviates high altitude, steep gradient and hair pin bends on either side of Sela pass which, would bring relief to commuters as lot of hardships have to be faced in winter season due to snowfall at on Sela pass," the release said. "Sela tunnel will add to the tourist potential of Tawang and attract more tourists making Tawang a more popular destination in North East region," it added. "The new alignment of the road to Tawang involves 12. 37 km and the construction of two tunnels to bypass Sela and a number of hairpin bends. The altitude of the new alignment will vary between 11,000 and 12,000 ft," Swaroop informed from Bomdila, the district headquarters. \r\nMumbai residents have been protesting outside the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) Bandra office every Monday and Friday since July 7 over 192 complaints that haven't been resolved in 18 months. The complaints were filed in BMC's public grievance registration system set up in 2015. The complaints include illegal encroachments, drainage issues, potholes, and tree cutting among others.\r\nResidents of Khar, Santacruz and Bandra have been protesting since July 7 to demand that the  Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) solve complaints they have filed in the public grievance registration system over the past 18  months. The system was set up in 2015. Fed up with the BMC?s inaction, the residents have been holding silents protests outside H/West ward office in Bandra every Monday and Friday. Members of Khar Advanced Locality Management (ALM) and other residents participate in the protest. ALM president Aftab Siddique said 192 complaints by citizens about civic issues in the past 18 months have not been resolved. A few protesters sit outside the ward office and at Linking Road alternatively to avoid the BMC from taking action against them. Siddique said, ?We have been asking senior BMC officials to meet us since February 17, but they keep cancelling or postponing it.? The residents? complaints include illegal encroachments, drainage issues, potholes, tree cutting and other common problems faced by residents and shopkeepers of Shirley, Khar, Chuim, Santacruz and Bandra areas. Debbie Pereira, a resident of Rajan Shirley gaothan , said, ?The BMC has not acted on my complaints against encroachers around my house. Instead, they sent me a notice saying I have illegal construction inside my 100-year-old house.?The residents now plan to meet the civic chief. ?We have been using sarcastic remarks because the BMC tells us we are the only ones complaining. The BMC registers only 25 grievances per day. We will take this issue up with the civic chief Ajoy Mehta this week,? added Siddique.Assistant municipal commissioner Sharad Ughade told HT, ?A limited number of public grievances are registered on Mondays and Fridays for quality service. The protestors? complaints will be addressed on the said days.?\r\nThe doctors in Telangana's biggest government-run Gandhi Hospital in Hyderabad chanted the Mahamrityunjaya mantra to bring down the rising number of deaths of newborns in the hospital. Patients complained of the unavailability of doctors as the pooja, which was reportedly approved by the senior doctors, went on for hours. A probe has been ordered in the case.\r\nIn a bizarre incident, doctors of Telangana's biggest government-run Gandhi Hospital in Hyderabad chanted Mrityunjaya mantra to bring down the number of deaths in the hospital.As per reports, the deaths of newborns in the gynaecology ward have been on a rise. Following which, 'worried' doctors were advised to conduct special prayers to please the gods. On Tuesday, senior gynaecologists at the hospital chanted Mrityunjaya mantra for hours. Several patients complained of the unavailability of doctors. Reports said that the pooja was conducted by doctors of the obstetrics department and had the nod of the seniors including the hospital superintendent. A probe has been ordered in this connection. The hospital on an average witnesses 2,500 patients per day. The gynaecology division too has a large footfall with pregnant ladies particularly from economically backward class come to this hospital for delivery and other treatments. In the recent past, the hospital drew criticism after higher number of newborn deaths were reported at the hospital. \r\nA Polish man was killed after a teenage boy hit him with a "superman punch" that caused him to fall and hit his head on the ground, a court has heard. The accused reportedly punched the deceased for mocking his English accent. The victim was knocked unconscious and later died in hospital from head injuries.\r\nA boy killed an eastern European man with a ?superman punch? that caused him to fall and hit his head on the ground, a court has heard. The boy, now 16, who was 15 at the time of the alleged attack and cannot be named for legal reasons, denies the manslaughter of Arkadiusz J\xf3?wik, 40, from Poland.J\xf3?wik was knocked unconscious outside a row of takeaway shops in Harlow, Essex, in August last year, and later died in hospital from head injuries. He had been drinking with two friends and had just bought a pizza when he was set upon. On Tuesday, Rosina Cottage QC, prosecuting, told Chelmsford crown court: ?The prosecution does not say that [the boy] thought for a moment that what he did would result in the death of a man. ?However, we say he moved deliberately around the back of Mr J\xf3?wik to take him by surprise and to hit him from behind. ?[He] jumped up from the ground, using the whole force of his body to hit Mr J\xf3?wik to his head. From what looks to be like a ?superman punch? that he threw, he must have intended to send the man to the ground.? The defendant sat with his parents at the back of the courtroom, and the judge, Patricia Lynch, and barristers sat without their wigs and robes due to his age. Cottage said J\xf3?wik had been drinking vodka with his friend Radek Koscelski and they were both ?speaking loudly and appeared to be drunk and smelled of alcohol?. She said a third friend, Jakub Lusiecki, drank beer and ?appeared to be sober?. The three men sat on a bench near a group of teenagers with bikes, including the defendant, who had been there for most of the day, Cottage said. The attention of the Polish men was drawn to the group of teenagers, she continued, as ?something was kicked or thrown close to them? in the Stow shopping precinct. ?There was some laughter about their English and one of the teenagers was cycling around the group,? Cottage said, adding that Koscelski ?was swaying and drunk and may have been argumentative, offering to fight?, but made no physical contact. Cottage said two boys cycled close to Koscelski and J\xf3?wik, which ?seemed to spark a disagreement? between the two groups. Showing CCTV footage to jurors, she said it appeared that Koscelski tripped over his own feet, then the defendant ?appears to jump in the air and swing his arm with force to the head of Mr J\xf3?wik?. Some members of J\xf3?wik?s family, who were in court, left the room as the CCTV footage was shown. Blood alcohol tests on J\xf3?wik showed he was around ?twice over the legal limit to drive?, Cottage said. ?Mr Koscelski was clearly very drunk and the deceased Mr J\xf3?wik was also drunk, but the prosecution says there was no need for violence to be offered to either man. We say he was not aggressive to the group and certainly not [the defendant].?For whatever reason, maybe even just immature bravado, the prosecution say [he] took a deliberate decision to use unlawful violence when he went around the back of the group to punch Mr J\xf3?wik.?In a police video interview shown to the jury, a teenage boy who was in the group with the defendant on the night said two Polish men approached them. ?Both of them were saying ?Fight me?,? he said. Asked by the detective how he felt when they came over, the boy replied: ?I felt scared because they were quite big and tall. I didn?t know why they came over asking for a fight.? Asked if he heard any comments made about the Polish language, he replied: ?No.? Further asked if he had heard any derogatory comments about the men based on them being Polish, he said he was not aware of any. The trial continues.\r\nAs many as 33 ministers and 359 MLAs in Uttar Pradesh have failed to declare their assets despite CM Yogi Adityanath's repeated directions, according to a government notification. As per rules, ministers and MLAs are mandated to declare their assets and liabilities within three months of assuming office or being elected as members of the state assembly.\r\n\r\nState-owned broadcaster Doordarshan is planning to change its iconic logo and has issued an invitation asking for entries from the public for logo designs. Doordarshan will take new logo design entries till August 13, 2017 and the winner will be awarded a cash prize of ?1 lakh. It has been sporting the current logo since 1959.\r\nDoordarshan, the state-owned broadcaster, is planning to change its iconic logo and create something youthful in a bid to tap the ?children of liberalisation?, moving away from nostalgia.In an invitation issued on Monday evening, Doordarshan asked for entries from the public, seeking a new logo design to improve the look and feel of the network.?Much of the population today is under 30 years of age. These are the children of liberalization who have not grown up with Doordarshan. They don?t share the same nostalgia factor which the earlier generation did,? said Shashi Shekhar Vempati, chief executive officer at public broadcaster Prasar Bharati, which runs Doordarshan and All India Radio.Story published in arrangement with Livemint. For full story click here.\r\nAkshay Kumar has suggested having a mixed cricket team similar to mixed doubles in tennis. "[W]hy can't there be a men and women cricket match against another country? If this kind of a set-up happens, it'll be the biggest set-up ever," he added. Akshay further said the idea struck him when he was watching a Wimbledon match on his phone.\r\nBollywood actor Akshay Kumar attended the Women?s Cricket World Cup final at Lord?s cricket ground, London, on July 23. Although our women in blue couldn't lift the cup, they won everyone?s heart back home in India. This has given Akshay an idea: how about Indian men and women cricketers coming together to form one team??Like there are mixed doubles in tennis, why can?t there be a men and women cricket match against another country? Why can?t they have mixed cricket teams where six Indian men and six Indian women play against Australia?s six men and six women? If this kind of a set-up happens, it will be the biggest set-up ever,? says Akshay.The actor not only rooted for the Indian women?s team but also met them after the match. ?I was talking to the girls and one of them said that it would be so much fun if Virat Kohli ran from one side and a lady was on the other side [of the batting pitch],? he says.    ?Even Broken Hearts Can Laugh!!? ?These Women have started a Revolution and I couldn't be more proud ?? #WWC17Final ? A post shared by Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) on Jul 23, 2017 at 11:17am PDT How did the idea come to him? ?I was watching a Wimbledon [tennis] match on my phone recently and this idea just struck me,? he says, and adds laughing, ?On the train.?The actor, who has been training women in self-defence free of cost for the past three years, feels that the Indian women?s cricket team no longer needs to be seen as underdogs. ?Now they don?t require any [more] encouragement. Trust me, they have arrived. I watched them play and it was revolutionary. I met them and I told them that they had reasons to be sad but no reason to give up,? says Akshay.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActor Mithun Chakraborty said that the only advice he has for youngsters is that they should concentrate more on talent as compared to-six pack abs. He added, "If you have talent....you have the capability to crack it in the film industry." Mithun further said that if one is not persistent with their efforts and talent, they can't do anything.\r\nNational award winning actor Mithun Chakraborty has acted in many acclaimed Hindi, Bengali, Oriya and Telugu films, and if there is one piece of advice that he would like to give the younger crop of actors, it would be  to focus on talent and not just looks.?If you have talent then you have the capability to crack it in the film industry. You can be in mainstream or regional  film industry but if you are not persistent with your efforts and talent then you cannot do anything. The only advice I have for youngsters is that concentrate more on your talent than six pack abs,? says Chakraborty, who has been part of films such a Shaukeen (1982), Swami Dada (1982) and Disco Dancer (1982).The 67-year-old actor is back on the small screen as part of the comedy show, The Drama Company, in which he is working with big television comedians  such as Krushna Abhishek, Ali Asgar and Sugandha Mishra. Talking about his return, the actor says, ?I have been working for almost 300 days out of 365 days in a year and suddenly because of back pain I was bedridden. I have not seen the face of the camera for almost two years. I feel good getting back in action. Television has become huge today and it is good to be part of such a show, which brings something new to people.?The actor adds, ? I am  nervous because all of them are already very established actors on television and I don?t know how I will be able to perform with them on the platform.? Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActor Ayushmann Khurrana has tweeted, "Please don't change the Doordarshan logo. It represents my childhood." His statement comes after recent reports of Doordarshan planning on changing its logo to create something youthful, which will appeal to "children of liberalization". Doordarshan has been sporting the current logo since its inception in 1959.\r\nBollywood actor Ayushmann Khurrana does not want the logo of broadcasting network Doordarshan changed as he has childhood memories attached to it.Filmmakers Nitesh Tiwari, Ashwiny Iyer Tiwari and actor Ayushmann Khurrana during the trailer launch of Bareilly Ki Barfi in Mumbai.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tAccording to reports, Doordarshan is reportedly planning to change its iconic logo and create something youthful in a bid to tap the ?children of liberalization?.Ayushmann on Tuesday tweeted: ?Please don?t change the Doordarshan logo. It represents my childhood.?Please don't change the Doordarshan logo. It represents my childhood.? Ayushmann Khurrana (@ayushmannk) July 25, 2017The actor was last seen on the silver screen in the film Meri Pyaari Bindu, and is now gearing up for the release of the film Bareilly Ki Barfi. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA US court has ruled that President Donald Trump's commission on election fraud can resume collecting voter information from all states. The commission had asked states to provide publicly available data including registered voters' names, birth dates, and social security numbers. However, an advocacy group filed a lawsuit against the commission citing privacy concerns.\r\nA federal judge on Monday cleared the way for Donald Trump?s commission on election fraud to resume collecting detailed voter roll information from the states.The commission asked states last month to provide publicly available data including registered voters? names, birth dates and partial social security numbers, but it later told them to hold off until a judge ruled on a lawsuit filed by the Electronic Privacy Information Center (Epic) in Washington. The US district court judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, in the District of Columbia, denied the advocacy group?s request to block the data collection in a ruling that the commission?s vice-chairman, Kris Kobach, called ?a major victory for government accountability, transparency and the public?s right to know about the integrity of our elections processes?.?The commission requested this publicly available data as part of its fact-gathering process, which is information that states regularly release to political candidates, political parties and the general public,? said Kobach, the Republican secretary of state in Kansas. ?We look forward to continuing to work with state election leaders to gather information and identify opportunities to improve election integrity.? Nearly two weeks ago, the Trump administration had appeared to back away from its extraordinary attempt to gather voters? personal information, following a barrage of legal challenges and furious backlash from state officials as well as the public over privacy concerns. In addition, while Kobach has said that the effort was aimed at stopping voter fraud, his detractors say he is looking for a solution to a non-existent problem. They have also accused him of using it as a backdoor effort at mass voter suppression.The privacy group had argued in its suit that the commission should have completed an assessment of privacy concerns before making the request. The judge found that the group had standing to make that argument but said the commission was not an agency and therefore was not required to do such assessments. The judge also found the group failed to show that its members would be harmed by the data collection. ?The only practical harm the plaintiff?s advisory board members would suffer ... is that their already publicly available information would be rendered more easily accessible by virtue of its consolidation on the computer systems that would ultimately receive this information on behalf of the commission,? the judge said. She did not say that any states must comply with the commission?s request. The privacy group said it would be watching closely to see what the commission did next. ?The commission cannot evade privacy obligations by playing a shell game with the nation?s voting records,? Epic?s president, Marc Rotenberg, said. Similar lawsuits are pending in Texas, Florida and New Hampshire. The New Hampshire lawsuit, brought by two lawmakers and an American Civil Liberties Union chapter, was put on hold pending the outcome of the Washington case. Trump, a Republican, created the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity in May to investigate his allegations, offered without evidence, that millions of people voted illegally in 2016. At the panel?s first meeting last week, he questioned the motives of states that have refused to comply with the commission?s request, suggesting they had something to hide. Before the commission paused data collection earlier this month, an Associated Press count of states? responses found 17, plus Washington DC, did not plan to provide any information. Election officials in some of those states questioned the commission?s intent to search for voter fraud; in some states, the main concern was voters? privacy. Thirty states said they would provide limited information that was considered public already. And some of those states said the commission would have some hoops to jump through such as paying for the data or filling out additional request forms. Alabama, Hawaii and Idaho had not announced decisions about whether to comply. \r\nA new book detailing Nelson Mandela's last days has been withdrawn after it was condemned by his widow, the publisher Penguin Random House has announced, saying that it was in no way intended to be disrespectful. The book revealed several undignified episodes at the end of Mandela's life as well as family quarrels over his care and legacy.\r\nA new book detailing Nelson Mandela?s last days has been withdrawn after it was condemned by his widow, the publisher Penguin Random House has announced.The book by Mandela?s physician, Vejay Ramlakan, was released last week to coincide with the late South African anti-apartheid leader?s birthday, 18 July, which is marked each year as Mandela Day.It revealed several undignified episodes at the end of Mandela?s life as well as bitter family squabbles over his care and legacy, prompting fury from his widow, Gra\xe7a Machel, who threatened legal action.On Monday Penguin Random House said it had decided to immediately withdraw the book, Mandela?s Last Years, from the trade. No further copies will be issued.It added that the book ?was meant to portray Nelson Mandela?s courage and strength until the very end of his life, and was in no way intended to be disrespectful?.Machel accused Ramlakan, a former military surgeon, of breaching patient confidentiality.The book disclosed that after Mandela?s death at the age of 95, a spy camera was found in the morgue where his body was held.It also revealed that an ambulance transporting Mandela to hospital during his final months caught fire on the highway, forcing him to wait for a backup.His eldest grandson, Mandla Mandela, also criticised the book.Machel said she had not been consulted, though Ramlakan claimed that the book had been approved.?We received permission from the family,? the author told local television eNCA before the withdrawal. ?All parties who needed to be consulted were consulted.??The story of Madiba?s [Mandela?s clan name] last years is actually, in a sense, more impressive than when he was a fit human being,? he added, paying tribute to his ?unconquerable fortitude?.Penguin Random House did not say how many copies of the book had already been sold.Mandela married Machel, his third wife and the widow of Mozambique president Samora Machel, in 1998.\r\nThe official James Bond Twitter handle has announced November 8, 2019 as the release date for the new film in the franchise titled 'Bond 25'. The film will be written by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, and produced by Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli. Daniel Craig will reportedly return as the character James Bond in this film.\r\nDaniel Craig will return to play James Bond at least one more time, for a new film -- the franchise?s 25th -- scheduled to be released in November 2019.The official James Bond Twitter handle revealed the news after months of negotiations and discussions with the star, who famously said that he would rather slash his wrists than return for another movie, while promoting 2015?s Spectre.James Bond will return to US cinemas on November 8, 2019 with a traditional earlier release in the UK and the rest of the world. pic.twitter.com/6HnaDnfruK? James Bond (@007) July 24, 2017That film was met with mixed reviews, and witnessed a drop at the box office after the record-breaking success of its predecessor, Skyfall. A rushed production and director Sam Mendes not having enough time to do justice to the film was blamed.According to the New York Times, ?Craig?s return is a done deal, according to two people briefed on the matter, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid conflicts with Eon and MGM.?But details about the film?s ?distribution partner, international release dates and the cast and director would be announced ?at a later date??.It was previously reported that Sony?s deal with Eon Productions (James Bond?s home) to distribute the Bond movies had ended after Spectre. A bidding war over its rights, which involved some of the biggest Hollywood studios -- Warner Bros, Universal, Fox -- had begun. Daniel Craig as James Bond in a still from Spectre.There were also rumours that Dunkirk director Christopher Nolan would be helming a reboot of the character after the film?s IMDb Pro page listed his production company, Syncopy, in the list of credits.The film will be written by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, who have collaborated on the last six Bond movies.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nPresident Ram Nath Kovind on Tuesday said in a speech that "nation building requires national pride", adding "each citizen of India is a nation builder". He talked about the various professionals of India, and how they act as nation builders. He also said that India has believed in the philosophy of "Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam - the World is My Family". \r\nRam Nath Kovind was sworn in as the 14th President of India in the Central Hall of Parliament on Tuesday. The following is the full text of the speech delivered by him."Respected Shri Pranab Mukherjee ji,Shri Hamid Ansari ji,Shri Narendra Modi ji,Shrimati Sumitra Mahajan ji,Shri Justice J. S. Khehar ji,Excellencies,Honourable Members of Parliament,Ladies and Gentlemen, andFellow CitizensI thank you for electing me to the responsibility of the President of India, and I enter this office with all humility. Coming here to Central Hall has brought back so many memories. I have been a Member of Parliament and here, in this very Central Hall, have had discussions with many of you. Often we agreed, sometimes we disagreed. But we learnt to respect each other. And that is the beauty of democracy.I grew up in a mud house, in a small village. My journey has been a long one, and yet this journey is hardly mine alone. It is so telling of our nation and our society also. For all its problems, it follows that basic mantra given to us in the Preamble to the Constitution - of ensuring Justice, Liberty, Equality and Fraternity and I will always continue to follow this basic mantra.I bow to the 125 crore citizens of this great nation and promise to stay true to the trust they have bestowed on me. I am conscious I am following in the footsteps of stalwarts such as Dr. Rajendra Prasad, Dr. S. Radhakrishnan, Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam, and my immediate predecessor, Shri Pranab Mukherjee, whom we address out of affection as Pranab Da.Our Independence was the result of efforts by thousands of patriotic freedom fighters led by Mahatma Gandhi. Later, Sardar Patel integrated our nation. Principal architect of our Constitution Babasaheb Bhim Rao Ambedkar instilled in us the value of human dignity and of the republican ethic.These leaders did not believe that simply political freedom was enough. For them, it was crucial to also achieve economic and social freedom for millions of our people.We would be completing 70 years of our Independence soon. We are also well into the second decade of the 21st century, a century that so many of us intuitively believe will be an Indian century, guided and shaped by India and its accomplishments. We need to build an India that is an economic leader as well as a moral exemplar. For us, those two touchstones can never be separate. They are and must forever be linked.The key to India's success is its diversity. Our diversity is the core that makes us so unique. In this land we find a mix of states and regions, religions, languages, cultures, lifestyles and much more. We are so different and yet so similar and united.The India of the 21st century will be one that is in conformity with our ancient values as well as compliant with the Fourth Industrial Revolution. There is no dichotomy there, no question of choice. We must combine tradition and technology, the wisdom of an age-old Bharat and the science of a contemporary India.As the gram panchayat must determine our consultative and community based problem solving, the Digital Republic must help us leapfrog developmental milestones. These are the twin pillars of our national endeavour.Nations are not built by governments alone. The government can at best be a facilitator, and a trigger for society's innate entrepreneurial and creative instincts. Nation building requires national pride:- We take pride in the soil and water of India;- We take pride in the diversity, religious harmony and inclusive ethos of India;- We take pride in the culture, heritage and spirituality of India;- We take pride in our fellow citizens;- We take pride in our work; and- We take pride in the little things we do every day.Each citizen of India is a nation builder. Each one of us is a custodian of India's well-being and of the legacy that we will pass on to coming generations.- The armed forces that protect our borders and keep us safe are nation builders.- Those police and paramilitary forces that fight terrorism and crime are nation builders.- That farmer toiling in the blazing sun to feed fellow citizens is a nation builder. And we must never forget that so much of our farm labour comprises\xa0 women.- That scientist concentrating tirelessly and 24 x 7 to send an Indian space mission to Mars, or invent a vaccine, is a nation builder.- That nurse or doctor helping the sick to recover and fighting disease in a remote village, is a nation builder.- That young person who founds a start-up and becomes a job creator is a nation builder. The start-up could be on a small farm, converting mangoes to pickles. Or in an artisans' village, weaving carpets. Or at a laboratory lit up by giant screens.- That tribal and ordinary citizen striving to preserve our ecology, our forests, our wildlife, to push back climate change and to advance the cause of renewable energy, is a nation builder.- That committed and driven public servant who works beyond the call of duty, whether on a flooded road, directing traffic; or in a quiet room, poring over detailed files, is a nation builder.- That self-less teacher who equips young children and shapes their destinies, is a nation builder.- Those countless women who take care of families with so many other responsibilities, at home and work, and raise children to become ideal citizens, are nation builders.People elect their representatives from the Gram Panchayat to Parliament. They vest their will and hopes in these representatives. In turn, the people's representatives devote their lives to the service of nation.But, our endeavours are not for ourselves alone. Down the ages, India has believed in the philosophy of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam - the World is My Family. It is appropriate that the land of Lord Buddha should lead the world in its search for peace, tranquility and ecological balance.India's voice counts in today's world. The entire planet is drawn to Indian culture and soft power. The global community looks to us for solutions to international problems - whether terrorism, money laundering or climate change. In a globalised world, our responsibilities are also global.This links us to our global family, our friends and partners abroad, and our diaspora, that contributes in so many ways across the world. It brings us to the support of other nations, whether by extending the umbrella of the International Solar Alliance or being first respondents following natural disasters.We have achieved a lot as a nation, but the effort to do more, to do better and to do faster should be relentless. This is especially so as we approach the 75th Year of our independence in 2022. What must also bother us is our ability to enhance access and opportunity for the last person and the last girl-child from an under-privileged family if I may put it so, in the last house in the last village. This must include a quick and affordable justice delivery system in all judicial forums.The citizens of this country are the real source of strength to me.I am confident that they will continue to give me the energy to serve the nation.We need to sculpt a robust, high growth economy, an educated, ethical and shared community, and an egalitarian society, as envisioned by Mahatma Gandhi and Deen Dayal Upadhyay ji. These are integral to our sense of humanism. This is the India of our dreams, an India that will provide equality of opportunities. This will be the India of the 21st century.Thank you very much!Jai HindVande Mataram" Also Read:Ram Nath Kovind sworn in as India's 14th President; accept role with humility, he saysAll you need to know about Ram Nath Kovind, 14th President of India15 initiatives President Pranab Mukherjee will always be remembered forRam Nath Kovind set to enter Rashtrapati Bhavan: All about 340-room Raisina Hill palaceBJP's presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind: An ardent dog lover\r\nAmrapali's CEO Ritik Kumar Sinha and director Nishant Mukul were arrested over alleged fraud and not paying labour cess of ?4.29 crore to Labour Department. Amrapali received a final recovery notice in March 2017 but when it failed to pay, police took action. The district administration said labour cess is charged for labour's welfare, which the group didn't pay.\r\nThe director and chief executive officer (healthcare) of Amrapali Group were arrested by tehsildar of Dadri on Monday afternoon from their corporate office in Sector 62 for not paying labour cess amounting to Rs 4.29 crore to the labour department. The director has been identified as Nishant Mukul, 43, and the CEO as Ritik Kumar Sinha. Tehsildar Dadri PL Maurya said the duo was served several notices by deputy labour commissioner of Gautam Budh Nagar to pay labour cess, which is meant for the welfare of labourers, but the group did not pay any heed. ?The labour department issued a recovery certificate for the recovery of the amount and I conducted searches at the office of the Amrapali Group along with the police,? Maurya said. The arrests were made under Section 171 of the Uttar Pradesh Revenue Code. Maurya issued the arrest warrant on July 20 against three persons. Another director, Mohit Gupta, was also to be arrested but he was not in his office at the time of the arrests.Section 171 of Uttar Pradesh Revenue Code says any person defaulting on payment of an arrear of land revenue may be arrested and detained in custody in the tehsil lockup till the dues are paid but the period should not exceed 15 days. Maurya said, ?Sinha happens to be the son-in-law of Amrapali Group chairman and managing director (CMD) Anil Kumar Sharma. Sinha and Mukul will remain in the tehsil lockup for 14 days if they do not clear the dues. If they do not pay the money even after 14 days, we cannot keep them behind bars as 15 days is the maximum time for custody. In such an event, they will be released and further course of action will be decided later.? District magistrate of Gautam Budh Nagar DM Singh said, ?The Amrapali Group is a defaulter of labour cess and the tehsildar has taken action as per the law.? The district magistrate said the revenue department received a recovery certificate from the labour department on June 5 for recovery of Rs 4.29 crore from the Amrapali Group. Accordingly, the teshil office issued a notice to the group and warned them through a ?beating of drums? that action will be taken if dues are not cleared. But the money was not deposited by the Amrapali Group even after that.\r\nFormer CEO of Infosys Kris Gopalakrishnan has said that Indian IT companies need to learn to manage expectations of their employees as the growth rate slows down. He said that as technology is transitioning, companies must invest in retraining employees and employees must invest time in learning. He also said that automation has impacted services like infrastructure management and maintenance.\r\nHyderabad, Jul 25 (PTI) As growth rate slows down, Indian IT companies need to learn to manage expectations of their employees, says a senior industry figure as he pitched for retraining of staff, in the era of rapid technology transition. When growth rate slows down, one has to manage the expectations of the employees within the company, former CEO of Bengaluru-headquartered IT major, Infosys, Kris Gopalakrishnan said. "The number of promotions will come down because there are no openings at higher levels. So, you have to set expectations properly", he told PTI. Secondly, the former President of Confederation of Indian Industry said, technology is transitioning and, so, employees will have to be retrained. "One, the company must invest in retraining employees, and two, employees must invest time in learning. So, these are stressful situations for both employees as well as leadership in the companies", Gopalakrishnan said. Last month, Indian IT industry body NASSCOM projected software export growth in 2017-18 at 7-8 per cent in constant currency, down from 8.6 per cent in the previous fiscal. The industry would add 130,000-150,000 jobs in the current financial year, it had forecast. Gopalakrishnan, the Chairman of Axilor Ventures, an early stage startup accelerator and venture fund, rejected suggestions that there is job-crisis in the Indian IT sector. "Even NASSCOM has projected this sector will add one lakh-plus jobs this year also. Yes, growth rate has come down, recruitment numbers are lower but its still positive and the industry is still recruiting people", he said. Gopalakrishnan, however, said hiring is slowing down because growth rate has come down. "There have been some impact of automation on certain services. For example, infrastructure management services, maintenance services where automation has had an impact. Several tasks can be automated and those services will require less number of people. "Now these are services where the work is actually quite repetitive and in the long run, these tasks are better done by machines because they are repetitive", he said. Gopalakrishnan also shared his thoughts on opportunities and challenges for the industry in the coming decade, a period he said would be exciting for the sector as every industry is transitioning, and IT companies need to be "reimaginative" in helping such industries in the process. \r\nBritain's 22-year-old Adam Peaty broke his own world record for the 50m breaststroke to set a new one at the World Aquatics Championships on Tuesday. Peaty swam the 50m in 26.10 seconds, eclipsing the 26.42 seconds he produced at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships. Notably, Peaty also won Britain a gold in the 100 metres breaststroke.\r\nAdam Peaty surprised even himself after improving his own 50 metres breaststroke world record by almost half a second in one day at the world championships in Budapest on Tuesday.The Olympic champion won 100m breaststroke gold on Monday?s second day and vowed there would be ?something special? over one length on Tuesday. But even the 22-year-old did not expect what happened ? a 0.47sec improvement on the world record of 26.42sec he set in winning the 50m title in Kazan, Russia in 2015.Peaty clocked 26.10 in the morning heat, 0.44 ahead of his nearest rival, and improved his mark to 25.95 in the evening semi-final, 0.73sec clear of the field.?I didn?t think I was going to do that,? said Peaty, who shook his head in disbelief after seeing his time. Peaty, though, knows what matters is the title , when he will likely also be part of the British 4x100m mixed medley relay team seeking to win successive golds after victory in 2015. He added: ?I enjoyed it tonight. Obviously it?s nothing without the gold that goes along with it.?I?m going to be focusing now, staying neutral and see what we get tomorrow.? Peaty?s advantage is a huge margin over two lengths of the pool, let alone one. But he is focused on himself, having learned from experience since 2014 and winning Commonwealth, European, world and Olympic titles.?This morning I wasn?t prepared to do a world record,? Peaty added.?It was just me easing through the stroke and touching the wall. Progressing to the semi-final. It was the same tonight. I was on such a massive high from this morning and it was so hard to ignore the fact that I did a world record and try to get myself emotionally ready. I thought I was going to go slower [in the semi-final] because I was a little bit less energetic.?Peaty has the five fastest times in history over 50m breaststroke, a non-Olympic event, and admitted a sub-26sec swim had not been on his radar, with his focus on what he calls Project 56 ? swimming beneath 57sec over 100m, since Rio. He said: ?This morning everyone was like Project 25 and I was like ?go on then?. I just dived in tonight and was like ?I feel good?. I wasn?t that far behind after the start, which was a bonus for me.?Peaty surfaces sooner than his rivals, but so he is so powerful that he surges through the water.Cameron van der Burgh of South Africa, Peaty?s predecessor as world champion in 2013, clocked 26.54 in the morning heat, but finished his semi-final in 26.74 as Brazil?s Felipe Lima beat him in 26.68. Peaty is likely to be kept in reserve in the morning heats of the mixed medley relay, with Ross Murdoch an able deputy, and, assuming they qualify, Britain will be confident of success with Peaty coming in for an event which is now on the Olympic programme.Duncan Scott and James Guy earlier missed out on adding to Britain?s medal collection, which included Ben Proud?s 50m butterfly gold on Monday.. Scott and Guy had to settle for fourth and fifth place, respectively, in the 200m freestyle as the Olympic champion Sun Yang of China won his second gold, after 400m victory on Sunday. The Britons? semi-final times would have been good enough for the podium. ?It?s very disappointing. I think I got a little bit carried away at the start of the race,? Guy said.Scott, who begins his 100m freestyle campaign on Wednesday, said: ?I?m proud of that swim. I don?t think I did anything wrong, just others stepped up and performed when they needed to.?Kathleen Dawson was eighth in the 100m backstroke won by Canada?s Kylie Masse in a world record time of 58.10. And Sarah Vasey was eighth in the 100m breaststroke as the Olympic champion Lilly King of the United States won in 1:04.13.\r\nHuman Resource Development Minister Prakash Javadekar on Monday announced that they will soon give approval for the 20 world-class research and teaching institutions that will be called 'Indian institutes of eminence'. Adding that the approval will be given during the Parliament's Monsoon Session, he said, "They will be acclaimed and ranked among the top 200 universities in the world".\r\nNew Delhi  Human resource development minister Prakash Javdaekar on Monday told Parliament that guidelines and proposal for the 20 world class research and teaching institutions were ready and would soon get the go-ahead.?The guidelines are ready. The proposal is in final shape and I am very hopeful and very sure that this proposal will get the final nod in this (monsoon session),? Javadekar said in Lok Sabha in response to a question during Question Hour.The question came from Trinamool Congress leader Sugata Bose who wanted details of the government?s plan to set up 20 world class research and teaching institutions for research and innovation across the country, which had been announced last year. Javadekar also said that these institutions would pave the way for real research and innovation. This was the way the world has grown, he said. ?We need to grow. Today we have the concept of learning in diversity. Students from many countries come together, learn and do research together,? he said. He also said that professors from different countries would also join them. ?Foreign professors as well as Indian professors will make these world class institutes really world class. We will be calling them the ?Indian institutes of eminence?,? the HRD?minister added. He also opined that after ten years, these ?20 world class institutions? are supposed to get that world class status. ?They will be acclaimed and ranked among the top 200 universities in the world,? he said. \r\nGerman carmaker BMW has rejected reports that it cheated emissions tests through illegal systems in its cars. The company also denied reports of plotting with Audi, Volkswagen, and Porsche on designs of diesel emissions treatment systems. Vehicle emissions came under scrutiny worldwide since Volkswagen admitted in 2015 to installing illegal software to cheat US emissions tests on diesel cars.\r\nGerman carmaker BMW on Sunday rejected media reports that the emissions treatment systems in its vehicles do not work effectively and that it colluded with rivals on their design.Der Spiegel magazine reported on Friday that BMW, VW (VOWG_p.DE), Audi and Porsche may have colluded to fix the prices and designs of diesel emissions treatment systems and other vehicle parts."Cars of the BMW Group are not being manipulated and are in line with the applicable legal requirements," BMW said in a statement.The European Commission said on Saturday that EU antitrust regulators were investigating the allegations and German politicians have called for transparency and punishment in the event of wrongdoing.Vehicle emissions have come under closer scrutiny worldwide since Volkswagen admitted in September 2015 to installing illegal software to cheat U.S. emissions tests on diesel cars.BMW said it rejected accusations its diesel cars with Euro 6 engines do not provide adequate exhaust treatment because the AdBlue tanks - that inject urea solution as part of the process - are too small.It said its technology combined AdBlue tanks with catalytic converters to lower harmful nitrogen oxide (NOx) concentrations, fulfilling all requirements and meaning that no vehicle recalls or software upgrades for Euro 6 engines were necessary.Euro 6 is the latest emissions standard set by European regulators which came into force a few years ago.BMW also said talks with other manufacturers about AdBlue tanks had been aimed at creating an infrastructure for operating them across Europe.The company reiterated it was committed to carrying out voluntary, free-of-charge software updates of older diesel passenger cars with Euro 5 engines.A spokesman for BMW said he could not comment on details of the EU probe.\r\nIndia will host its first WTA tournament in five years when the city of Mumbai stages the ?80 lakh ($125,000) Mumbai Open in November. Maharashtra State Lawn Tennis Association had recently bagged the hosting rights of Chennai Open which is India's only ATP World Tour event, and re-branded it as "Maharashtra Open", to be held in Pune.\r\nIndia will host its first WTA tournament in five years when the city of Mumbai stages a USD 125,000 event in November, giving home players an opportunity to compete with the world's top-50.Yet again, it is Maharashtra State Lawn Tennis Association (MSLTA) which has come forward to bring the much- needed tournament to the country.MSLTA had recently bagged the hosting rights of India's ATP World Tour event, Chennai Open and it was re-branded as Maharashtra Open, to be held in Pune."It's time that our players such as Ankita Raina, Karman Kaur Thandi, Rutuja Bhosale and others get to play at a better level and try to move up the rankings ladder. For the players' interest we have brought this event to Mumbai," MSLTA Secretary General Sunder Iyer told PTI.The last time India hosted a WTA event -- Royal Indian Open -- was in 2012 in Pune when current world number five Elina Svitolina had won the singles title by beating veteran Japanese Kimiko Date-Krumm.There will be four wild cards each on offer in main draw and the Qualifiers of the Mumbai Open. Top players in the country at that time are likely to get those wild card entries.India's best singles players, save for Ankita Raina (262), can't get direct entry into the main draws of WTA 125K level events with their current rankings. Karman Kaur Tahndi (349) and national champion Riya Bhatia (519) follow Raina in the ladder."It will be an opportunity for players to get some crucial points ahead of the Australian Open. Also, players who are to return from injuries and niggles, this event will serve their purpose. Players ranked between 11 and 50 will compete and it's good for our girls to get that exposure," Iyer said.So far, India has hosted only two USD 15,000 events -- one in Gwalior and the other in Aurangabad."I am very much looking forward to the WTA event at home.It will be a great exposure and experience for all of us since it's quite tough to enter a WTA event. I would like to request AITA to host more of these tournaments," Ankita Raina told PTI from Prague.Thandi said, "It will be great for women's tennis with that kind of event happening in India."MSLTA has lined up three more USD 25000 events which will be held in Pune and Navi Mumbai and one USD 15000 tournament in Solapur.Together with a USD 50,000 Challenger with all these women's events, lined up in November in Pune, MSLTA would spend close to USD 300,000 in organising these tournaments.This is when other state associations, including DLTA, are struggling to generate funds for a single tournament.Prashant Sutar, MSLTA Director (Development Committee), said if a proposal is put before corporates and the government with the "right vision", it's not difficult to raise money."We have KPIT as dedicated sponsors for men's challenger and a dedicated local mill as sponsors for Solapur. We have understood that proposal should be presented in a particular manner to get sponsorship," Sutar, who will be Tournament Director for both WTA and ATP World event in January, said.Sutar is hoping that Raina will be able to get a direct entry and Rutuja will be a strong contender for the singles wild card since she is a player from Maharashtra."For international players, we will see, during the US Open which players are interested in coming to India. We have the option of offering wild cards to them," Sutar said.\r\nA picture gallery shows former President Pranab Mukherjee's journey from being the Minister of State for Revenue and Banking to completing his term as India's President. The gallery also includes a picture of him with former PM Indira Gandhi, during whose tenure he served as the Finance Minister. The last image shows him gesturing after his farewell speech as President.\r\nWith a political career spanning nearly 50 years, Pranab Mukherjee  -- the 13th President of India -- will vacate Rashtrapati Bhavan on Tuesday, bringing to a close another chapter in the legacy of the veteran politician. Born on December 11, 1935 to freedom fighters Shri Kamada Kinkar Mukherjee and Rajlakshmi in Mirati, Bengal, he began his career as a college teacher and a journalist, taking to politics full-time with his election to the Rajya Sabha in 1969. His father had also been associated with politics as a Congress leader. Finance Minister Chidambaram Subramaniam is flanked by Pranab Mukherjee, Minister of State for Revenue and Banking (Independent Charge) during the Emergency at Parliament House on March 15, 1976.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Ajit Kumar / HT?Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tDuring the Indira Gandhi government?s tenure, Mukherjee was appointed the deputy minister, industrial development in 1973. His portfolio expanded to include steel and industry, shipping and transport and the office of minister of state for finance in the period extending to 1974.Prime Minister Indira Gandhi seen with close aide and then Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee at the NDMC?Civic centre on December 30, 1983.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(KK?Chawla / HT?Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?Even Mrs Gandhi would say, ?No matter how hard one tries, they can never get a word out of Pranab. All they will see is the smoke coming out of his pipe?,? recalled journalist and long-time friend Jayanta Ghoshal, who has known Mukherjee since 1985, as he spoke about the trust between the prime minister and her finance minister to PTI.Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee seen in his office at Parliament House, with an assortment of smoking pipes at his table, on February 29. 1984.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Ajit Kumar / HT?Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tKnown for his penchant for pipes, Mukherjee?s collection extends beyond 500 pieces. Collected over decades as gifts from foreign dignitaries, Mukherjee was often seen with an empty pipe ? chewing at its stem, despite having quit smoking years earlier. His collection of pipes will now sit at the Rashtrapati Bhavan Museum after his departure.Pranab Mukherjee seen during his first stint as the Finance Minister on February 27, 1982.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Virendra Prabhakar / HT?Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tMukherjee became the finance minister for the first time in 1982 in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. He was also the Leader of the Upper House of Parliament from 1980 to 1985.Pranab Mukherjee, then Commerce Secretary attends a meeting with his  US counterpart Ron Brown (C) at Vigyan Bhavan on January 16, 1995.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Sanjay Sharma / HT?Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tMukherjee moved on to occupy the offices of minister for commerce from 1993 to 1995, minister of external affairs from 1995 to 1996 and minister of defence from 2004 to 2006. Pranab Mukherjee (C) seen during a Congress rally on June 24, 2002.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Subhendu Ghosh / HT?Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tHis second stint as minister of external affairs ran from 2006 to 2009. He moved on to become the minister of finance from 2009 to 2012 and Leader of the Lower House of Parliament (Lok Sabha) from 2004 to 2012.As the 13th President, Mukherjee sought to bring the imposing Rashtrapati Bhavan closer to the general public by opening its gates and bringing out the various artefacts tucked away in its 340 rooms to view.Pranab Mukherjee waves as he arrives in a horse driven carriage at the Rashtrapati Bhawan, having been sworn in as the India?s 13th President on  July 25, 2012 in New Delhi.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Ajay Aggarwal / HT?Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tPresident Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the farewell hosted by him for the President at Hyderabad House, in New Delhi.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(PTI)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?Surely there have been divergences of views, between me and Prime Minister Narendra Modi. But we have been able to keep divergences only to ourselves, that didn?t affect our relation,? Mukherjee was noted while speaking to a gathering.The Prime Minister also reciprocated the gesture, calling Mukherjee a mentor, adding: ?In my initial days, Pranabda held my hand to help me settle in Delhi.?President Pranab Mukherjee (R) gestures after his speech during his farewell ceremony in the Central Hall of Parliament in New Delhi.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Shahbaz Khan / PTI)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\r\nA Delhi man murdered his 22-year-old pregnant wife on Saturday as she could not make perfectly round rotis. The couple had reportedly got into a fight during which he kicked her in the stomach and later strangled her to death. "My mother was a good cook but the chapati shape angered my father," the couple's four-year-old daughter told the police.\r\nIn Delhi's Jahangirpuri , a 22-year-old pregnant woman was murdered by her husband for an absurd reason. Because she could not make perfectly round chapatis.Simran and her husband got into a fight on Saturday during which he kicked her in the stomach. When the couple's four-year-daughter tried to save Simran, she was dragged into another room and locked up. He later then strangled Simran to death. It was on Sunday around 4 am that Simran's brother found her lying unconscious in her flat and called the police. The daughter told the police that her parents often fought about her mother's chapatis. "My mother was a good cook but the chapati shape angered my father," she said as reported by TOI .\r\nA German man swims 2 km to work every day to avoid traffic, packing his laptop and suit into a waterproof bag. Benjamin David, who swims along the Isar river in Munich, said his commute is faster than driving in traffic. He added, "the traffic on the road next to the Isar is so wild that it is no fun."\r\nA German man fed up with the stress of commuting on busy city roads now swims two km to work along the Isar river in Munich, Germany, the media reported.Benjamin David packs his laptop, suit and shoes into a waterproof bag, straps it to his back and swims, reports the BBC.Depending on the season, he wears swimming trunks or a long wetsuit as well as rubber sandals to protect his feet from glass or the occasional bicycle laying in the river.His commute sometimes invites laughs from bystanders on the bridges above, but he says it is faster and more relaxing than sitting in traffic.\r\nActor Randeep Hooda visited the Kargil War Memorial in Dras ahead of Kargil Vijay Diwas, which is observed on July 26. "I felt belittled even as my chest was feeling full of pride and sorrow. We lost 559 citizens of our country in that war," wrote Randeep on Instagram. His visit was part of an event organised by an NGO.\r\nActor Randeep Hooda describes his recent visit to Kargil?s Drass sector as ?overwhelming? and urges everyone to visit the war memorial at least once. The actor visited the  memorial ahead of the Kargil Vijay Diwas , which is on July 26. After his return, the actor chronicled his experience via Instagram and Twitter through words, photos and videos. Randeep?s visit was part of an event organised by an NGO. He was also accompanied by singer-composer Kailash Kher. ?The experience was surreal, standing amidst those who have been safeguarding our nation at such harsh terrains. It has to be with so much discipline and, obviously, passion for their jobs. I felt belittled standing amidst them and at the same time, there was a sense of pride. As many as 559 people died in the war and I was reading their names. People from various parts of India coming together at the line of control, laying low their lives for the sovereignty of our country,? says Randeep, sounding deeply moved.    Over the weekend I had the honour and the privilege to visit #Drass where the actual battle of #Kargil took place. I felt belittled even as my chest was feeling full of pride and sorrow. We lost 559 citizens of our country in that war. With the sacrifice of these brave sons we won. Got to know so much more about what happened at the #WarMemorial in #Drass. Every Indian worth his or her salt must go and visit the biggest war memorial in our country. Just to stand there and hear Havildar Kuber Singh and see for themselves the terrain and the sacrifice of our boys standing there defending our borders so that we can pursue our lives in security. The Army and its personnel don't need our sympathy nor encouragement. They are going about doing their job that they have taken an oath to do. It's an organisation that is unfazed about the political going ons and does what it has to do to protect our sovereignty. I had a great time interacting with officers and Jawans. The level of our Jawans has gone so high in the last few years that it is a testament to the citizens wanting to join the forces. The officers are so apt, sympathetic, professional and duty bound that it leaves most of our civilian leaders wanting. I would like to thank Mrs Ruchi Chauhan Khan for making this possible and the great entertainment provided by many,especially, @KailashKher that the evening among the windy mountains was filled with laughter and song. I would also like to thank GOC Major General Cariappa for his gentle and inspiring personality. A towering man with a vision for the future of the army and personal development of its personnel - Brigade Commander and double Shaurya Chakra awardee Brigadier Bhalla, a man of great grace and full of laughter, no doubt a man who commands respect and love of his troops - The Deputy Commander Colonel Pandey for his empathetic and resourceful company - Colonel Vikrant Sharma, a man of great organisational skills and the most disarming smile - and last but not the least by any standards the officer's mess Haviladar "the boxer" who's hospitality I shall never forget. It's been the most unforgettable and inspiring trips of my life. Thank you Jai Hind A post shared by Randeep Hooda (@randeephooda) on Jul 24, 2017 at 1:54am PDTSharing more from his journey, Randeep talks about visiting the war memorial, the biggest in the country, on the way from Srinagar to Leh. ?Many must have already visited the place and I think a lot more people should go there to get an idea of the never ending sacrifice of our soldiers. Those deployed there are not just soldiers, they are also citizens of this country...they are like you and me. They are chosen to do this job but that doesn?t mean that their lives are meant to be like that. Such bravehearts deserve our utmost love and support for sacrificing their precious lives for the nation,? he says, adding that he had a wonderful time meeting army officers and jawaans. Randeep also had the chance to meet their families, who are their support system.?????? ??? ?? ???? ??,??????? ??? ?? ???? ?? honoured to see preparations #VijayDivas #WarMemorial #Drass #Kargil must visit #JaiHind @adgpi pic.twitter.com/EQWHrEIK5b? Randeep Hooda (@RandeepHooda) July 24, 2017Talking about his memories of the 1999 Kargil War, Randeep says, ?I was studying in Australia at that time when we heard about the war. Not just the war, the after effects also bothered me. And thinking about  Kargil Vijay Diwas, I am reminded of it all over again. Such things also make me realise that it?s high time we understand what these people are doing rather than sitting in the comfort of our homes and politicising such situations,? he adds.One of the photos Randeep shared from his visit to Kargil?s Drass sector.Follow @htshowbiz for more \r\nActor Sunny Deol has denied reports of Yash Raj Films launching his son Karan Deol and added, "Only we were supposed to launch him." Karan's debut film, reportedly titled 'Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas', will be directed and produced by Sunny. Reports suggested that Sunny had objected to Yash Raj Films' three-film deal which Karan was supposed to sign. n\r\nBollywood actor Sunny Deol refuted the reports that his son Karan was set to be launched by Yash Raj Films.There were reports that Karan was gearing up to be launched by Yash Raj Films but it could not happen when Aditya Chopra asked the young actor to sign a three-film deal, which Sunny objected to. ?It wasn?t like that. Only we were supposed to launch him. But today anyone says anything and it becomes news. But the fact is, only we were supposed to do it,? Sunny said. The film, reportedly titled Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas, will be directed and produced by Sunny.Actors Sunny Deol, Dharmendra and Bobby deol during the trailer launch of their upcoming film 'Poster Boys' in Mumbai, on July 24.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe 59-year-old actor also refuted reports that he objected to Sunny Leone?s item number in Bhaiyyaji Superhitt due to alleged family objections. ?People keep saying anything. Who am I to say no. I never interfere in my films. I prefer to remain silent,? he said.Sunny was speaking at the trailer launch of his next, Poster Boy. The film, directed by Shreyas Talpade, is a remake of the Marathi film Poshter Boyz. Bobby Deol, Shreyas and Dharmendra were also present at the launch.Asked about choosing Sunny to play one of the character, Shreyas told media on Monday: ?I wanted Sunny sir to play the role because it adds credibility to the film. It?s a little sensitive subject, and Sunny being a part of the film adds the credibility that it isn?t an unpleasant or cheap film and it?s a family entertainer.?Shreyas said the new film is not completely different from the original but there are certain changes. ?There were not major changes. That script itself was very powerful so we tried to retain that as much possible. We just did little bit tweaking, and tried to do away with some mistakes which we may have done in the original. We have tried to make it even better,? Shreyas said.Shreyas Talpade, Sunny Deol, Dharmendra and Bobby Deol in Mumbai, on July 24.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tBobby, who is playing one of the lead characters, spoke about the dialect he had to use for the film.He said: ?It was a big challenge to speak in pure Hindi. Shreyas and I did a lot of workshops together. It was amazing how Shreyas knew everyone?s dialogues. I wanted him to say my dialogues too. It was a difficult task, but also it was a lot of fun and exciting.?The film, which stars Sunny, Bobby Deol and Shreyas, also features a voice-over by Ajay Devgn. Shreyas said the Shivaay actor came on board instantly. ?We wanted the voice-over in the beginning to be impactful. He is a very dear friend, very supportive. He is what you call a very secure actor. I just showed him the trailer and asked if he would do the voice-over and he readily obliged. I can?t thank him enough,? Shreyas said.?I had heard that the Marathi film was a big hit. But after watching this trailer, I can say that this will be a bigger hit than the original. I think Poster Boys 2 should also come out. Shreyas should start working on a sequel,? Dharmendra said.Poster Boys is scheduled to release on September 8. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nIndia's women's team wicketkeeper Sushma Verma has been offered the post of Deputy Superintendent of Police by the Himachal Pradesh government. CM Virbhadra Singh made the announcement on Tuesday, saying the state was "proud of her achievement in the international cricket arena". Sushma, who hails from Shimla, had 15 dismissals, the most by a keeper in this women's World Cup.\r\nThe Himachal Pradesh government has offered the post of DSP to Indian women?s cricket team wicketkeeper Sushma Verma after the side?s very impressive outing at the ICC Women?s World Cup.India lost to England by nine runs in the final at the Lord?s on Sunday.In a statement released in?Shimla on?Tuesday, Himachal Pradesh chief minister Virbhadra Singh said, ?Being proud of her achievement in the international cricket arena, the state government has offered the post of deputy superintendent to Sushma Verma.?Hailing from Himri Panchayat in Shimla, Sushma played a match-winning knock against Pakistan during the group stages of the World Cup.The India wicketkeeper played the best knock of her career, a vital effort to set up the victory over the rivals. Promoted to No 7, the 24-year-old scored a 35-ball 33 and raised a crucial 34-run stand with Jhulan Goswami to help India recover from 111/6 to 169/9.India went on to beat Pakistan by 95 runs, their third win on the trot.On Monday, Punjab CM Amarinder Singh offered a job in the Punjab Police to Indian women?s team star Harmanpreet Kaur following her stellar performance in the World Cup.Amrinder posted a congratulatory message on Twitter where he offered the post of a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) to Kaur if she so desired to join the police force.\r\nThe buggy which Indian Presidents ride for the oath-taking ceremony originally belonged to the Viceroy of India during the British era. After the partition of India and Pakistan, both sides tossed a coin to decide who would get the buggy, and India won the toss. However, its use declined after 1984, and was started again by former President Pranab Mukherjee.\r\nDitching a lavish car, brand-new Indian President Ram Nath Kovind took the historic buggy ride from Rashtrapati Bhavan to Parliament for his the oath-taking ceremony today.Outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee was seated on the left side of the buggy and the new president on his right. On their way back, once Kovind has taken his oath, the two will exchange seats, leaving Mukherjee on the right and Kovind on the left.This buggy has interesting history at its tail. Here's where it comes from:WHERE DID THE BUGGY COME FROM?The gold-plated, horse-drawn buggy originally belonged to the Viceroy of India during the British era. How it remained in India after Independence is a story that will make many happy.After the partition, both India and Pakistan wanted the fancy buggy, and there was no longer a higher power to sort this quarrel. So, what did they do to sort the dispute?Simple. They did what cricket captains do these days. They tossed.Lt Col Thakur Govind Singh from India and Pakistan Army's Sahabzada Yaqub Khan let the responsibility of the buggy ownership rest on a coin.Guess who won the toss?Of course, India did. And here we are, after all these years, still using the old gal to flaunt around our newly-elected presidents.BUGGY'S USEAfter 1984, the buggy was not frequently used by any president for a few decades. While they did use it now and then, it was properly used again in 2014 by Pranab Mukherjee.Earlier, the gold-plated buggy was used by the president not only for ceremonial purposes, but also to move around in his 320-acre residential space.\r\nMumbai's Rizvi Education Society has reportedly digitised seven schools and colleges in its first phase of digital transformation. It has introduced paperless admissions and biometric entry for students among others. Authorities said the parents are "happy" as they can check their child's attendance on an app. It reportedly plans to start online checking of exam papers in the second phase.\r\nBandra?s Rizvi Education Society, which manages seven institutes including schools and colleges, recently implemented the first phase of digital transformation of its education and administration system. The institutes now have technology-driven teaching interface in all classrooms, bio-metric entry for students, paperless admissions and mobile apps for better teacher-parent interaction. The education society also plans to introduce online assessment of all examinations soon.?Paperless admissions have not only reduced the work of our staff but have also made the process very transparent for everybody. Parents are also happy as they get daily updates about their child?s attendance in college without even having to visit the institute,? said AH Rizvi, president, Rizvi Education Society. The society spent around Rs1 crore and took seven months to implement the first phase.He added that in the second phase, the education society plans to start online assessment of exam papers and make study material available online for all its 6,000 school and college students.The management trained its teachers in collaboration with a technology provider to ensure the final implementation is foolproof.  Also, CCTV cameras were installed in all its institutes and all laboratories were equipped with latest technology. ?Our attempt to digitise almost all our academic functions right from admissions to the generation of results has been very fruitful. We intend to digitise the infrastructure, administration as well as teaching-learning process to ensure a 360 degree effort,? said Rubina Rizvi, director, Rizvi Education Society.\r\nThe local police in Khar, Mumbai has arrested a 35-year-old man who allegedly robbed actress Karisma Kapoor's residence. As per an official, during the interrogation, the police learnt that the man had managed to enter the house of the actress and steal a purse belonging to her maid. The accused also reportedly confessed to robbing 17 other houses.\r\nPolice have arrested a 35-year-old man who allegedly burgled 18 houses including that of Bollywood actor Karisma Kapoor in the past few months.Imtiaz Ansari, the accused, called owners of the house he planned to break into, offering them carpentry services, and after finding out when nobody would be home, committed burglary, police said.?We had received several complaints of burglary from Bandra and nearby areas,? said a police official.Asif Bhamla, President Bhamla Foundation, actors Neha Dupia and Karisma Kapoor during a program to celebrate world environment day organized by Bhamla Foundation and MCGM in Mumbai.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tOn a tip-off, police laid a trap and arrested Ansari yesterday, he said.He confessed to have broken into Karisma Kapoor?s house too, the officer said.Police have registered a case under IPC sections 378 (theft) and 445 (house-break). Further probe is on.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nSamajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi has slammed singer-actor Suchitra Krishnamoorthi for her tweet wherein she described the morning Azaan played on loudspeakers as "extreme imposed religiosity". He said, "Those who...drink at 2 am in parties in hotels, and sit with their arms on shoulders of strange men and talk, who have spoilt Indian culture have suddenly started criticising [Azaan]."\r\nActor-singer Suchitra Krishnamoorthi, who finds herself in an eye of a storm over her tweet about the "aggressive/ ear shattering call of azaan", defended herself saying she doesn't have a problem the call but just wants the "loud sound" to be dealt with. Krishnamoorthi raked up controversy on Sunday after posting an early-morning tweet that read, "came (sic) home at 4.45 am 2 (to) most aggressive/ ear shattering call of azaan. Nothing more lowlife & dumb than such extreme imposed religiousity". Krishnamoorthi immediately came under attack - from twitterati and politicians alike. Some, like AIMIM MLA Waaris Pathan indulged in taking personal potshots, calling her a "cheap singer" who tweeted what she tweeted for "publicity." "Such type of cheap singers do this for publicity... She was partying till late in the night... Where was she when Aqlaq was lynched? Where was she when Junaid was thrown on a platform? If she gets so troubled by the sound of azaan, why doesn't she go and stay in Nepal?" Pathan questioned, referring to the lynchings of Mohammad Akhlaq and Junaid Khan both of whom were beaten to death in separate incidents by a mob that suspected them of possessing/eating beef. Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi was even more personal in his attack, saying how "these type of women" have "made Indian culture a laughing stock". "These type of women love to dance with skimpy clothes... They drink (the) whole night and have made Indian culture a laughing stock... They should shut their mouth and stop dividing people," Azmi said while demanding action against Krishnamoorthi for her tweets. Speaking to India Today, Krishnamoorthi brushed away Azmi's statements, saying that the SP leader needed to get well. She also defended her tweet saying that she is not against the concept of azaan. "Some people have problem with loud azaan, while some have [a problem with] loud bhajans... We should find a solution for it... I am not asking to stop it (azaan), but (that) the loud sounds be dealt with," Krishnamoorthi said.\r\nDrug peddlers are coating biscuits and nut crackers with Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) drug to avoid being caught at airports, Task Force officials said. "These biscuits were detected and seized only because the peddlers were carrying another drug, which was detected in the scanning machine," an officer said. This was revealed after Task Force arrested nine people carrying LSD-laced biscuits.\r\nBelieve it or not, eatables laced with LSD are the emerging modus operandi followed by drug peddlers across the country, agencies dealing against narcotics claimed. Be it biscuits or nut crackers, drug peddlers are lacing them with LSD and selling them at higher price.The revelation came days after Task Force sleuths arrested nine people, including two Nigerians, in two separate cases at Masab Tank and Banjara Hills in Hyderabad. Along with 300 grams of cocaine, 42 grams of MDMA and three biscuits laced with LSD were recovered.According to sources, during interrogation, they told police that to save themselves from being caught at the airport, they started coating LSD on eatables such as biscuits and nut crackers. They further told police that this is not the first time they have laced eatables with LSD. "Most of the drugs, especially LSD, coming from Germany to India are being coated on eatables," they reportedly confessed.LSD LACED EATABLESThe officers said that earlier LSD-laced sugar cubes were seized, but this is the first time drugs in biscuits were found. "These biscuits were detected and seized only because the peddlers were carrying another drug as well, which was detected in the scanning machine," an officer involved in the investigation said.After recording the confessional statement, the inputs were shared with the narcotics department. Also, security agencies at the airports, including CISF, have been alerted about the new modus operandiSpeaking to Mail Today, a senior officer of the narcotics department said, "It is very difficult to identify adultered eatables and eatables laced with LSD. But officers scanning passengers' luggage at the airport have been asked to keep tight vigil on eatables in their bags. Not only this, but they have been advised to check biscuits or nut crackers if they are in small quantity."Sources also said peddlers - mostly from African countries - have been carrying small consignments which they hide between the clothes or in false cavities in their bags."They also carry nut cracker packets in their hand bags to avoid suspicion. They keep the seal open and tend to eat some of them to fool security officers. Those arrested hid the eatables laced with LSD in a small false cavity inside the packet to fool the officers," a source said, quoting one of the confessional statements.Meanwhile, preliminary interrogation and analysis of cell phone data of the peddlers revealed they might have sold drugs to more than 100 people in the last one and half years."Most buyers are young, especially college students," said an officer in the Task Force. In a separate case, West Zone Task Force arrested three people and seized 11 LSD bots and three cell phones. The accused are P Revanth, Irfan Najeeb Khan and Zain Khan.\r\nFour labourers on Monday were reportedly injured after a tree branch fell on them at Dombivli station road in Mumbai. They were admitted to hospital with injuries and were later declared out of danger. Reportedly, tree fall cases are on rise in Kalyan-Dombivli. "Last year fewer cases were reported. We have been getting complaints of tree falls daily," authorities said.\r\nFour labourers were injured after a branch of tree collapsed over them at Dombivli station road on Monday  morning.\xa0The labourers were waiting at the Kaamgar Naka. They suffered minor injuries and were taken to the Shastri Nagar civic hospital.The fire brigade team of the Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation (KDMC) cleared the branches. ?The injured are out of danger now," said Suresh Shinde, fire officer, KDMC.\xa0This year, the number of tree fall cases are on rise in Kalyan-Dombivli city. "Last year fewer cases were reported. We have been getting complaints of tree falls daily," said Sudhakar Kulkarni, fire officer KDMC.\xa0Read: 57-year-old yoga teacher dies in Mumbai after tree falls on her head\r\nUK's National Health Service (NHS) has announced plans to stop doctors from prescribing homeopathic remedies. Aiming to save around \xa3200 million a year, the NHS chief described homeopathy as ?at best a placebo and a misuse of funds?. The plans also list 17 other items that will no longer be prescribed for reasons ranging from low clinical to low cost-effectiveness.\r\nHomeopathic remedies will no longer be available on prescription on the NHS according to newly-announced plans.The move comes as part of the NHS England?s drive to save more than \xa3190m a year through a new set of national guidelines, which are now open for public consultation. According to the draft consultation, prescriptions for homeopathic treatments cost NHS England \xa392,412 in 2016, and at least \xa3578,000 over the past five years.Announcing the plans, Simon Stevens, NHS England?s chief executive, said homeopathy is ?at best a placebo and a misuse of scarce NHS funds?.Besides homeopathy, the plans highlight 17 other items that will no longer be available on prescription for reasons ranging from low clinical effectiveness to low cost-effectiveness. These include herbal medicines, Omega-3 fatty acid compounds, rubs and ointments used to relieve muscle pain known as rubefacients, and travel vaccines including hepatitis B, yellow fever and rabies that are not available on the NHS for travel, but are sometimes erroneously given.The public funding of homeopathic remedies has long been controversial, with both the British Medical Association and the House of Commons? science and technology committee having called for an end to their prescription on NHS, pointing out that such remedies are merely placebos. The new guidelines were welcomed by experts.?Homeopathy is based on implausible assumptions and the most reliable evidence fails to show that it works beyond a placebo effect. It can cause severe harm when used as an alternative to effective treatments,? said Edzard Ernst, emeritus professor of complementary medicine at the University of Exeter. ?Therefore, it is high time that the NHS stops funding it and instead employs our scarce resources on treatments that are backed by sound science.?The view was echoed by Michael Marshall, project director of the Good Thinking Society, an organisation that previously threatened the Department of Health with a judicial review if it failed to put complementary and alternative therapies on the blacklist for prescriptions.?This is very welcome news,? said Marshall. ?Every credible medical body certainly knows that homeopathic remedies are just not effective for any conditions at all and it is great to see this strong statement from NHS England officially acknowledging the fact.? Sir Bruce Keogh, medical director of NHS England, said that an honest conversation about public funding of drugs was needed. ?We need to end unnecessary expense to give us a bigger therapeutic bang for the NHS buck, so we cut the fat and build the therapeutic muscle,? he said.A spokeswoman for the BMA said the organisation ?believes there should be no further NHS funding for homeopathy? adding that ?limited and scarce NHS resources should only be used to support medicines and treatment that have been shown to be effective.?But Cristal Sumner, chief executive of the British Homeopathic Association said the NHS plans were ?bad for its already overstretched budget and for patients? and criticised the report used to draw up the new guidelines.?This recommendation is not cost effective as patients will be prescribed more expensive conventional drugs in place of homeopathy, which defeats the object of the exercise,? she said.Meanwhile, NHS England has been accused of introducing ?ability to pay? through the back door by forcing patients to pay for other products it claims are ?ineffective, over-priced and low value?, instead of giving prescriptions for them. Health charities claim the NHS is abandoning the historic principle that people who need care should not have to pay. The charge has been made today by National Voices, an umbrella group that represents 140 health and care charities including the British Heart Foundation, Parkinson?s UK and Arthritis Care. It was responding to NHS England?s announcement that it wants to cut its drugs bill by several hundred million pounds by no longer issuing prescriptions for cough mixture, cold treatments, eye drops, laxatives and sun cream ? products that are available over the counter. NHS bosses want those in need to pay for such medications themselves. ?There are many patients who would be unable to afford the remedies over the counter ? for example people who are exempt from prescription charges such as the under-16s, people living with cancer, pregnant women and those on low incomes?, said Don Redding, National Voices? director of policy. ?Stopping such prescriptions would be tantamount to introducing ?ability to pay? as a barrier to accessing the treatments people need. This breaks with the principle of ?free at the point of use? guaranteed by the NHS constitution.? The NHS constitution states that: ?Access to NHS services is based on clinical need, not an individual?s ability to pay; NHS services are free of charge, except in limited circumstances sanctioned by parliament.? \r\nSaudi Arabia, UAE, Bahrain and Egypt on Tuesday blacklisted nine charity groups and nine individuals with ties to Yemen, Qatar and Libya, labelling them "terrorist" over suspected ties to Islamist extremism. This comes amid the ongoing Qatar crisis in which the Arab states suspended diplomatic ties with Qatar last month, accusing it of supporting terrorism.n\r\nSaudi Arabia and its allies on Tuesday announced they had blacklisted charity groups and individuals with ties to Yemen, Qatar and Libya, labelling them ?terrorist? over suspected ties to Islamist extremism. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt released a joint statement naming nine charity organisations and nine individuals ?directly or indirectly linked to Qatari authorities? as ?terrorist?, according to a statement carried by the SPA state news agency. The four Arab states last month suspended ties with Qatar over allegations the Gulf state bankrolled Islamist extremism, an accusation Doha has consistently denied. The four states recalled their ambassadors from Doha, banned Qatar from using their airspace and ordered all Qataris to repatriate. Among the demands of Riyadh and its allies are the closure of Qatari broadcast giant Al-Jazeera, which has been banned in Saudi Arabia and the UAE. Three organisations in Yemen and six based in Libya were accused of ties to Al-Qaeda and a Syrian affiliate of the group in Tuesday?s statement. The statement also said three Qatari nationals, three Yemenis, two Libyans and a Kuwaiti citizen were involved in ?fundraising campaigns to support Jabhat al-Nusra and other terrorist militias in Syria?. Kuwait has not joined the states boycotting Qatar and is leading mediation efforts to resolve the crisis, the worst to hit the Gulf since the establishment of the Gulf Cooperation Council in 1981. Saudi Arabia and the UAE lead an Arab military coalition allied with the Yemeni government in a violent war against Yemen?s Iran-backed Huthi rebels. The war has killed more than 8,000 civilians since the coalition intervened in 2015, according to the World Health Organization. \r\nThe Maldivian Opposition has alleged that it was blocked from entering the Parliament on Monday to take part in an impeachment vote against the Speaker Abdulla Maseeh Mohamed, after the military locked it down on the orders of President Yameen Abdul Gayoom. The Opposition is trying to oust the Speaker for blocking requests to summon government officials accused of corruption.n\r\nThe Maldivian opposition said that the military locked down parliament on Monday on the orders of the country?s president in a bid to prevent lawmakers from taking part in a vote to impeach the parliamentary speaker.The main opposition Maldivian Democratic Party said that on the orders of President Yameen Abdul Gayoom, the gates of the parliament were padlocked by members of the armed forces on Monday morning and lawmakers ?were forcibly prevented from entering the parliamentary compound.?In a statement, the opposition party called Yameen?s action ?desperate, illegal and unconstitutional.?There was no immediate comment from the government. The government spokesmen could not be reached by telephone.A no-confidence motion against Speaker Abdulla Maseeh Mohamed was scheduled to be taken up on Monday. The opposition says the motion has gained the support of 45 lawmakers in the 85-member house. However, an uncertainty arose when the election commission announced last week that the four members who supported the motion had lost their seats because they left the ruling party.The motion was considered a severe blow to Yameen, whose control over parliament was threatened by a new understanding between the Maldives? former strongman and its first democratically elected president, Mohamed Nasheed. The Maldivian Democratic Party routed Yameen?s party in local council elections earlier this year.A similar opposition bid to oust the speaker was thwarted in March when the government defeated it by 48 votes, with none opposing. At the time, opposition lawmakers were either evicted or walked out from a vote on ousting the speaker following a dispute over problems with the electronic voting system.The coalition?s plan to wrest the parliamentary majority was aimed at reforming the judiciary, elections commission and other bodies perceived as being partial toward Yameen.In March, Nasheed and former strongman Maumoon Abdul Gayoom and two other parties signed an agreement to form an opposition alliance.Maumoon runs a rival faction within the Progressive Party of Maldives, which is led by the current president, his half-brother.Nasheed was jailed in 2015 for 13 years for ordering the arrest of a senior judge when he was president in 2012.However, he traveled to Britain last year on medical leave and received asylum there. Three other leading politicians have also been jailed after trials criticized internationally for a lack of due process. Yameen is accused of rolling back many of the democratic gains since the Maldives became a multiparty democracy in 2008.\r\nRam Nath Kovind was sworn-in as India's 14th President on Tuesday at the oath-taking ceremony held at the Central Hall of the Parliament. He was administered the oath of the office by the Chief Justice of India JS Khehar. Kovind, who defeated Opposition candidate Meira Kumar after securing over 65% votes, is the country's second Dalit President after KR Narayanan.\r\nRam Nath Kovind took oath as India's 14th President today. Kovind was sworn-in by Chief Justice Jagdish Singh Khehar at the Central Hall of Parliament House. WATCH LIVE Ram Nath Kovind, 71, is second Dalit President after KR Narayanan to walk into the 340-room Rashtrapati Bhavan. Kovind defeated Congress-led Opposition's candidate former Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar by a handsome margin of 65.2 per cent votes.LATEST UPDATES:I bow to 125 crore citizens and promise to stay true to the trust they have bestowed on me : #PresidentKovindpic.twitter.com/HIi7xCq8iiRam Nath Kovind sworn in as the 14th President of India pic.twitter.com/ThzEFb3WteHonoured to be sworn in as the 14th President of India; would be carrying out my responsibilities with all humility #PresidentKovindDelhi: President-elect #RamNathKovind on his way to Rashtrapati Bhawan. He will be sworn in as President of India shortly pic.twitter.com/4qnAHuefsADelhi: #RamNathKovind's family members arrive at the Parliament ahead of his swearing-in, say they are extremely happy and proud. pic.twitter.com/oV9z0V5jLhDelhi: President-elect #RamNathKovind & his wife Savita Kovind pay tributes at Rajghat. pic.twitter.com/HtbdVHr8qfDelhi: President-elect #RamNathKovind leaves his residence for Rajghat. He will be sworn in as the 14th President of India, today. pic.twitter.com/jlZergegEiALSO READ: All you need to know about Ram Nath Kovind, 14th President of India15 initiatives President Pranab Mukherjee will always be remembered for\r\nPresident Ram Nath Kovind gave his acceptance speech in the Parliament after being sworn-in as the 14th President. "I feel privileged to walk on the same path as Dr Radhakrishnan, Dr Abdul Kalam, and Pranab da," he said. He also thanked those present for "trusting [him] with the responsibility to be the President of India".\r\nRam Nath Kovind took oath as India?s 14th President on Tuesday at a ceremony in the Central Hall of Parliament.Outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee and Kovind arrived in the Central Hall in a ceremonial procession, where Ram Nath Kovind was administered the oath by Chief Justice of India JS Khehar.Vice-president Hamid Ansari, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Lok Sabha speaker Sumitra Mahajan, Union ministers, governors, chief ministers, ambassadors and other diplomats, MPs and senior civil and military officers were among those present.Watch the full ceremony:Highlights: 2:50 pm: Israeli embassy wishes Ram Nath Kovind on taking office over Twitter.2:12 pm: Former president Pranab Mukherjee given Guard of Honour at Rashtrapati Bhawan.1:45 pm: Ex-president Pranab Mukherjee tweets congratulatory wishes to President Ram Nath Kovind from private Twitter handle.My heartiest congratulations to Shri Ram Nath Kovind, Hon'ble President of India. Wishing you success and happiness in the years to come.? Pranab Mukherjee (@CitiznMukherjee) July 25, 2017.1: 38 pm: Delhi BJP president Manoj Tiwari welcomes President Ram Nath Kovind .1: 36 pm: MoS home Kiren Rijiju to formally receive former ex-president Pranab Mukherjee da at 10, Rajaji Marg at his designated house 2.20 pm. 1:34 pm:  The people welcome Shri Ram Nath Kovind as the President of India. His humble beginnings and wisdom will guide us towards a New India: Union minister Piyush Goyal.1: 00 pm: PM Modi congratulates Ram Nath Kovind on taking oath, says very inspiring address by President, which beautifully summed up the essence of India?s strengths, democracy and diversity.12:45pm: The President arrives at the official residence Rashtrapati Bhavan after the oath-taking ceremony. Ahead of the ceremony, the military secretary to the president had invited Kovind and his wife Savita to the Rashtrapati Bhavan, where former president Pranab Mukherjee was waiting for them in the study. 12:35pm:?In tune with tradition, Kovind leaves with Mukherjee to escort the outgoing president to his new residence.   12:30pm:?A 21-gun salute given in the honour of President Kovind. 12:25pm:?The new President will leave for Rashtrapati Bhavan where an inter-services guard of honour will be given to him in its forecourt. Mukherjee will leave for his new address - 10 Rajaji Marg.According to tradition, the new President (Kovind)?escorts the outgoing president to his/her new address.  12:32pm:?The ceremony ends with the national anthem. 12:30pm:??We need to sculpt a high-growth economy, an educated economy and an egalitarian society. This was the vision of Mahatma Gandhi and Deen?Dayal Upadhyay.? -- Closing statements of President Kovind.   12:?27pm:?I come from a very simple background and the journey has been long: President says in his speech?We are diverse, yet united and one,? says President Kovind. The election of Kovind -- a Dalit -- as President is expected to ?repair and consolidate? the BJP?s social base in Uttar Pradesh after Yogi Adityanath (a Rajput) was made the chief minister. 12:25pm:?President Kovind?s Twitter account is now activated. His first tweet -- ?Honoured to be sworn in as the 14th President of India; would be carrying out my responsibilities with all humility #PresidentKovind. I bow to the 125 crore citizens of this great nation and promise to stay true to the trust they have bestowed on me #PresidentKovind? President of India (@rashtrapatibhvn) July 25, 201712:20pm:?All citizens are creators and developers of India -- those who open startups, those who work in offices, those who are serving the public, those women who work and also take care of families, those who work for their nation:?Kovind  12:16pm:?Kovind addresses Parliament,thanks them for trusting me with the responsibility to be the President of India.  ?In this Parliament, we have differed with each other on various issues and discussed them reverently. This is the beauty of democracy.?? ?I feel privileged to walk on the same path as Dr Radhakrishnan, Dr  Abdul Kalam and Pranab da.??We are now in the second half of the 21st century... We are proud of India?s diversity, heritage, development, and all its citizens,? says Kovind in his address to Parliament.   12:?15pm:?Kovind begins reading oath as President of India. 12:10pm: Opposition presidential nominee Meira Kumar sits in the first row of the audience at Kovind?s swearing-in ceremony. 12:06pm:?The national anthem plays in central hall of Parliament. 12pm:?Kovind, outgoing president Pranad Mukherjee, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan and CJI?JS?Khehar enter Parliament. 11:50am:?Ram Nath Kovind and Pranab Mukherjee are on their way to Parliament11:30am:?President-elect Ram Nath Kovind leaves for Rashtrapati Bhavan from his 10, Akbar Road residence.11am: Lok Sabha adjourned till 3pm to allow members to participate in the President?s swearing-in ceremony.10.50am: Kovind will accompany President Mukherjee on the way to Parliament from Rashtrapati Bhavan in the morning. Both of them will travel in the same car.10.35am:?Kovind?s oath taking ceremony will being at12.15pm and will be held in the Central Hall of Parliament.10.30am: President-elect Ram Nath Kovind and his wife visit Rajghat.\r\nSpeaking about nepotism remarks which followed the announcement of his launch by Yash Raj Films, actor Raj Kapoor's grandson Aadar Jain said that he felt bad and added, "I'm human after all." He added, "Yes, I feel bad when people says things without seeing my work." Aadar will be seen making his acting debut with YRF film 'Qaidi Band'.\r\nBy Juhi Chakraborty New Delhi, Jul 24 (PTI) Aadar Jains entry in Bollywood comes at a time when the nepotism debate has gained momentum but the newcomer says he would like people to not judge him before seeing his work. Aadar, the grandson of Raj Kapoor, will make his debut with "Qaidi Band" and his launch event was hosted by his cousin Ranbir Kapoor. In an interview with PTI, the actor says he is aware of the debate around nepotism and the negative comments his launch attracted. "As a newcomer, who has always dreamt of becoming an actor, it was a huge deal for me to be introduced like that. I read the comments after the launch about nepotism. "When you work so hard, give it all, an entire year of blood, sweat and hard work and then you read about these comments, you feel bad. I am human after all," Aadar says. But the 23-year-old actor does not want to get into the debate of whether he is talented or not. "I dont want to say anything. Yes, I feel bad when people says things without seeing my work. I want my work to speak for itself. Thats the only thing I am here for." However, Aadar does have an opinion about nepotism in the film industry. The youngster says someone belonging to a film family does get an easy opportunity to meet a director or a casting director but it does not guarantee a movie as an actor can only go forward on the basis of merit. "The industry believes in talent. It doesnt matter what background you are from, you might be an outsider or from a film family, what matters is your talent. I had to audition for the film. "I might come from a film family but that didnt guarantee me anything. At the end of the day I dont think a writer, director or producer will invest in a person who does not have the talent." On the contrary, Aadar feels actors, who hail from film families, have to deal with the burden of expectations. Yash Raj Films "Qaidi Band" has been directed by Habib Faisal and will also serve as the launchpad for another newcomer, Anya Singh. The film is about seven under-trials, who form a musical band in the prison. The movie is a far-cry from the usual glamorous debut which newcomers often opt for but Aadar says he didnt think of it like that when he signed the project. "I had not thought about it as an unconventional film and thats why I did it. This is a kind of film that I would like to watch. It is refreshing, new and a story not told before." On his role as a prison inmate, Aadar says he had no real understanding of how to go about the role as his only references have been movies and TV shows like "Shawshank Redemption" and "Prison Break". "I didnt know what actually happens inside a prison. That was very interesting for me especially the under-trial situation. That fascinated me. Those are the reasons why I wanted to do the film." "Qaidi Band" releases on August 25. Aadars elder brother, Armaan Jain, made his debut in 2014 with "Lekar Hum Deewana Dil", which was a box office dud. The actor says Armaan has not taken a beating and will soon announce his second Bollywood venture. \r\nActress Kajal Aggarwal's manager Ronnie was arrested on Monday in connection with the drug racket case allegedly involving Tollywood actors and filmmakers. The Special Investigating Team (SIT) raided the manager's residence and found him in possession of marijuana. A SIT source said, "We strongly suspect his role in drug peddling in Tollywood and have arrested him after monitoring his activities."\r\nPopular actor Kajal Aggarwal?s manager, Puttkar Ronson Joseph, was arrested on Monday by a Special Investigation Team (SIT) for alleged possession of drugs.Joseph, also known as Johnny Joseph or Rony, has been Kajal?s manager since her entry into films.Director of Enforcement of Prohibition and Excise department Akun Sabharwal said SIT raided Joseph?s house in Manikonda and found ganja in his possession. ?We are questioning him and further investigation in the case is going on,? Dr Sabharwal was quoted by Deccan Chronicle as saying.A source in SIT said statements given by other film personalities, who were questioned earlier, led to his arrest, the Deccan Chronicle report added.?We strongly suspect his role in drug peddling in Tollywood and have arrested him after monitoring his activities. We have strong evidence that he consumes drugs regularly. It will be proved after medical tests,? the SIT source said.In the past, Joseph has worked with other top league actors such as Lavanya Tripathi and Raashi Khanna as well.The Tollywood drug scandal gets bigger with every passing day. Over the past couple of days big names from the industry such as director Puri Jangannadh and actor Navdeep have been grilled by the SIT team.Meanwhile, actor Charmme Kaur who was also summoned by the SIT on Monday, has moved to Hyderabad high court and has sought directions that authorities should not forcibly collect her blood, hair and nail samples. She also sought direction for the SIT to abide by the Constitution of India and the Supreme Court guidelines by permitting presence of her lawyer and women officers at the time of examination, firstpost.com was quoted as saying.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA Gurugram district court on Monday reportedly sentenced a blind banker to 10 years in jail for allegedly raping a blind widow repeatedly on the pretext of marriage. Reportedly, the accused also pleaded for leniency on account of his blindness, but the court rejected it. The court relied upon 'voice identification' to help the woman identify the accused, reports said.\r\nA Gurgaon district court on Monday awarded 10 years rigorous imprisonment to a blind man, a trainee probationary officer at a public sector bank, who was found guilty of raping a 33-year-old blind widow repeatedly on the pretext of marriage. The court also imposed a penalty on convict Saurabh Kapoor, 35, who was convicted of rape under Section 376 of the IPC.Additional Sessions Judge Rajni Yadav, while pronouncing the quantum of sentence, said that given the inhumanity of the act, it was required to impose upon the convict substantive and stern sentence that would commensurate with the gravity of the offence and also serve as an example to others.It is to be noted that since both the victim and the accused were blind, the court had relied upon ?voice identification? that helped the woman to identify Kapoor, a resident of Mayur Vihar in Delhi.On the pretext of meeting an advocate, Kapoor had taken the victim on May 30, 2015, to a guest house in Gurgaon and raped her there for the first time. He later continued to abuse her, promising marriage.The victim, who has an eight-year-old daughter, worked in a private company in 2015, when the incident happened. She is currently unemployed.Public prosecutor Arvind Sharma said that the convict tried to seek leniency from the court on account of his blindness.?The accused also argued that he is a government servant and highly qualified, but all these arguments were rejected by the court, which awarded him 10 years of imprisonment,? said Sharma, adding that the court has imposed a penalty of Rs 10,000, out of which Rs 8,000 would go to the victim. The remaining Rs 2000 would go to the state. If the accused fail to pay the fine, he will face one more year of imprisonment.The judge, in her order, also stated that undue sympathy to impose inadequate sentence to the accused would do more harm as it will undermine the public confidence.?Keeping in view the offence committed by the convict, I am not inclined to take a lenient view against him and release him on probation. He has raped a young woman who was helpless, defenceless, vulnerable and an easy prey who trusted the convict so much that she surrendered herself to him. He used, violated and exploited her body,? the court said.District attorney Lal Singh Yadav said the court has given a strong message to the society. ?The convict had sexually exploited the victim on the pretext of marriage,? he said.\r\nNorth Delhi Municipal Corporation has reportedly decided to develop e-rickshaw charging points at select parking lots. Drivers would be able to charge their e-rickshaws at "minimal" prices at night, reports said. Authorities reportedly plan to develop the charging points away from main roads to avoid jam, and expect to develop the facility at six locations by the end of August.\r\nTo streamline the parking of e-rickshaws in the city and avoid congestion on roads, the North Delhi Municipal Corporation has decided to set up charging points for the battery-operated vehicles at select parking lots in its jurisdiction.The agency has finalised six spots where the facility would be developed by next month end.  The e-rickshaw drivers would be able to charge their vehicles at nominal prices during night.The location include  the North MCD parking lots near Badli Metro station, village Singhalpur (Haryana irrigation canal), Railway Reservation Office near Kela godown, Keshavpuram and Sector 11, Rohini.?Most of the parking lots remained vacant during the night. So, we have decided to appoint a contractor who will install the charging points at the selected parking lots, collect a minimal amount from e-rickshaws and allow them to charge their vehicles here,? said Praveen Gupta, commissioner, North MCD.The contractor will also be responsible for maintaining the ?law and order situation at these places? during the night when the e-rickshaws will be charged.According to Gupta, there are various reasons for starting the facility at selected parking lots .?We are choosing locations which are close to internal/arterial roads and far from the main stretches in city. The idea is to avoid jam on the main roads. We have also taken into account the demand for charging faciliyt. For example, there is long requirement for battery charging point for e-rickshaws near DRDO and Delhi University area that?s why among the six parking lots, one is located near DRDO office,? he said further.In future, the agency is also planning to open all the parking lots, developed near the Metro stations as charging points for e- rickshaws. ?This would include the six parking lots which would be developed in North Delhi on Delhi Metro Rail Corporation land. This will also help us to deal with unauthorised parking of vehicles on the roadside,? said a senior North MCD official. According to official, since the e-rickshaws drivers get their most customers from near the Metro stations, a charging facility nearby would be convenient to use for them. \r\nA Delhi police officer has been suspended for allegedly getting drunk and masturbating before a woman constable at a training academy. The cop also inappropriately touched two other women constables who then warned him of informing senior officials about his actions. A senior police officer has confirmed the incident and said a departmental inquiry is being conducted in this case.\r\nA Delhi police cop has been suspended for getting drunk and flashing in front of a woman colleague at the police training college. The incident was reported by the woman officer who informed her seniors on Saturday night. Police sources said the cop, posted at the police training college in Jharoda Kalan, had also inappropriately touched two women constables at dinner. At around 6pm, inside the mess, the cop who was reportedly reeking of alcohol touched two women constables. They threatened to inform their superiors if he did not apologise. An hour later, another woman constable alleged that the cop had stripped and masturbated in front of her. The woman informed the police after which senior officials reached the spot. Investigation revealed that after being warned by the two women in the mess, the policeman returned to his room and drank more liquor. Later, he went to his terrace and stripped. Senior officers who reached the spot held an informal test identification parade during which the complainant identified the man. A senior police officer confirmed the news and said they are conducting a departmental inquiry. \r\nProfessor Yash Pal, a renowned scientist, passed away at 90 on Monday night in a Noida hospital. Pal was awarded Padma Bhushan in 1976 and Padma Vibhushan in 2013. He was known for his contribution to the study of cosmic rays at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research. He also featured in a famous science series, 'Turning Point', on Doordarshan.\r\nProfessor Yash Pal, eminent scientist and academician, died at the age of 90 at his Noida house late on Monday night. He was keeping ill for a long time.Yash Pal was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1976 and the Padma Vibhushan, India's second highest civilian honour, in 2013.Born in 1926 in Jhang, now in Pakistan, is known for his contributions to the study of cosmic rays. His TV show - The Turning Point - which aired on Doordarshan in late 1980s brought science to the masses. The science show was hugely popular among school children.Yash Pal studied Physics from Panjab University before earning a PhD degree in Physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1958.He started his career with the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) as a member of the cosmic rays group. He was there with TIFR will 1983. Yash Pal also went on to become as the first Director of Space Applications Centre, Ahmedabad, in 1973.He was also chairman of the University Grants Commission (UGC) from 1986 to 1991.\xa0 ALSO READ:\r\nItalian footballer Antonio Cassano has announced his retirement for the second time in a week, after joining newly promoted side Verona two weeks back. The 35-year-old joined Verona on July 10, but announced his retirement after a week, reversing it hours later, then retired again on Monday. Cassano said his priority was to be close to his wife and children.\r\nAntonio Cassano has announced his decision to retire from football just a week after reversing his decision.The 35-year-old joined Verona on 10\xa0July but announced less than seven days later that he would be retiring, before he was persuaded to perform a dramatic U-turn within hours of making his decision public. Yet despite making two appearances in friendlies for Verona, the Serie\xa0B club?s president revealed on Monday that the veteran striker has left the club because ?his head isn?t right?.Cassano, who won 39 caps for Italy, has now confirmed he will not play again after initially hinting in a statement via his wife Carolina Marcialis that he would be looking for a new club.?As opposed to what appeared on my wife?s official social profiles, I would like to clarify the following,? read the statement.?Carolina was wrong, after thinking and reflecting in the end I decided. Antonio Cassano will not play football any more. I apologise to the city of Verona, to all the fans, to the president.?For a 35-year-old man I need to be motivated and at this moment I feel that my priority is represented by being close to my children and my wife.?Earlier on Monday the Verona president, Maurizio Setti, had confirmed Cassano?s departure with immediate effect. ?This guy?s head isn?t right, even though he?s very good physically and athletically. He?ll leave,? Setti told ANSA.?Professionally, you can?t accuse him of doing anything wrong. Evidently, he can?t remain serene and clearheaded in a group and wants to stay at home. There?s an up and a down with him, he talks and then he?s silent. It?s a shame because he was doing everything well in a professional sense.?Cassano has been without a club since his contract with Sampdoria was terminated by mutual consent in January 2015.\r\nA recent video of Lashkar-e-Taiba co-founder Amir Hamza has reportedly been recovered showing Hamza provoking jihadis to wage war in the northeastern states of India. "We will fight in Sikkim...we will fight in Srinagar," Hamza allegedly said in the video. He was even heard saying if India sends troops to Bhutan, then Chinese troops will enter Srinagar along with Pakistan's.\r\nAfter Kashmir, terror looms over Northeast. Banned terrorist organisation Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) is now provoking jihadis to wage war in the northeastern states of India. The malice intention of Lashkar came under the radar of security agencies through a video, where its cofounder Amir Hamza is seen instigating his cadre to spread violence in Northeast, including Darjeeling and Sikkim.A recent video, believed to be shot in Lahore on July 19, has left security agencies in a tizzy. Citing example of China military standoff with India over Doklam plateau, Hamza is asking jihadis to break up Indian states."We will fight in Sikkim, we will fight in Bhutan, we will fight in Darjeeling, we will fight in Srinagar," Hamza can be heard saying in the video, which is in possession of Mail Today. Agencies have also authenticated the video clips. Recently, several terror activities came under the radar of security agencies from Northeast states but the fresh threat has raised alarms bells in the Home ministry.Senior officials claim Hamza was seen recently in Lahore and this was his first public appearance since JuD chief Hafiz Saeed's house arrest in January. Hamza, in the video, threatens to create violence in several states of the country. "For one Bangladesh, we will take seven states," says Hamza.He has also praised China and talks about the dispute over the 40-km-long stretch between Doklam and Bangladesh border. This video is the first such proof of Lashkar-e-Taiba's direct involvement in the Northeast and their strategy to work along with China. "if India will send its army in Bhutan to counter China, then along with Pakistan, Chinese troop will enter Srinagar," Hamza said in the video.Hamza was designated global terrorist by US in 2012 and is wanted by India for the November 2008 terror attacks in Mumbai that claimed over 160 lives and left more than 300 injured. He was detained by Pakistan authorities along with 26/11 key operative Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi soon after the attacks. He enjoys the position of number two in Lashkar ranks currently.In the video, Hamza, in his screeching voice, is also asking jihadis to fulfil Saeed's dream of Ghazwa-e-Hind (holy war to capture India). The Ghazwa-e-Hind is a saying some Islamic traditions attribute to Prophet Muhammad, prophesying that army arising from the West will seize India. According to reports, in a separate gathering held this month, Lashkar-e-Taiba-led jihadist commanders met in Islamabad to demand that the Pakistan government should go to war with India to seize Kashmir.Also Watch: Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorists sound war cry against India, ask Pakistan to seize Kashmir\r\nThe Paris canal opened to swimmers after nearly a century was temporarily closed within a week due to pollution and "unsatisfactory" water quality. The temporary swimming zones at the canal were the culmination of a 10-year effort by officials to purify the canal water. Swimming in Paris' city waters was banned in 1923 over fears of currents and water quality. \r\nA new public swimming area on Paris?s Canal de l?Ourcq has reopened after it was temporarily closed due to higher than normal bacteria levels following weekend rains.The floating structure that has been put in place for the summer has allowed Parisians to legally swim in the canal at La Villette for the first time in decades. It proved very popular when it opened this month and was hailed by the Paris mayor, Anne Hidalgo, as the beginning of a ?dream? to launch open swimming areas in other city waterways, including on the river Seine in 2024 if Paris succeeds in its bid to host the Olympics that year.The swimming area was briefly closed on Monday after a routine test on Sunday night found higher than normal levels of enterococci, bacteria found in faecal matter. The city of Paris tweeted that the pool was closed because the water quality was ?unsatisfactory?.The pool reopened on Tuesday morning after subsequent tests found the water quality was back to normal. It is thought that heavy rainfall at the weekend had led to the higher than normal readings of bacteria levels.Tests are regularly made at a point upstream from the swimming area to ensure the water quality is within guidelines. After a 10-year effort by the city to clean up the canal water, regular tests had consistently come back with satisfactory results showing the bacteria levels were far below accepted limits. Authorities said they would keep testing regularly during the swimming season.A spokeswoman for the Paris authorities said: ?Tests carried out on Monday night showed that the levels are now back in line with the requirements, so we have reopened the pool. It?s nothing serious. The water quality is good.?The floating pool structure, which can take up to 300 swimmers at a time, proved an instant hit after opening this month, and when Paris temperatures rose well above 30C, hundreds of people queued each day to get in.Inaugurating the facility, Hidalgo called it ?a dream come true?. The mayor has set a target of 2024, when the city hopes to host the summer Olympics, to have swimming areas at designated points along the Seine.After decades in which casual bathing in Paris?s river and canals was banned for many reasons, including strong currents, fears of bacteria and sewage pollution, authorities are moving to give swimmers more access.In recent years, lone swimmers could regularly be seen taking dips in the canal at La Villette of their own accord, despite the ?no swimming? signs.The official pool structure, opened by city hall at La Villette for the summer as part of the Paris Plages festival, marks the first time in many years that swimmers can legally swim there.\r\nSwiss town of Schaffhausen was sealed off on Monday after a chainsaw attacker stormed an office building, injuring five people in a violent attack, according to reports. Confirming the identity of the assailant, police have launched a search operation to capture him. However, the incident is not being treated as a terrorist activity.\r\nA man who injured several people with a chainsaw when he stormed the office of an insurance company in the Swiss town of Schaffhausen on Monday morning remains at large as over a hundred police officers are engaged in a man-hunt along the Swiss-German border.One person was seriously hurt and four others sustained light injuries when Swiss citizen Franz Wrousis, 51, went on a rampage at the offices of CSS, a leading health insurance company. Authorities on Monday afternoon downgraded earlier reports of two victims with serious injuries.Police believe the attack was directly targeted at the insurance company but could not comment further on a possible motive while the attacker remained on the run.?This is not an attack against a hypothetical person. This is clearly against people from the insurer,? Major Ravi Landolt of the police told a news conference.Police spokesperson Cindy Beer confirmed that the incident was not being treated as a terrorist attack.Emergency services had been informed of the incident at 10.39am (0839 GMT) but found that the perpetrator had left the scene of the crime by the time police arrived.Schaffhausen?s old town has been sealed off as police continue to search for the perpetrator in the centre and vicinity of Switzerland?s northernmost city.Wrousis, described as an approximately 1.9m tall male, bald and of ?unkempt appearance?, was already known to police in relation with two offences against the country?s weapons law, in 2014 and 2016. Police were able to release several close-up pictures of the wanted man.Having previously been registered in the canton of Graub\xfcnden, Wrousis had recently been without fixed abode and is believed to have lived in a stretch of forest 2km outside Schaffhausen.The municipal mayor said Wrousis had left a confused impression on the local population: ?He told my dog that he had a great haircut,? Ruedi Karre told news portal 24 Minuten.A white Volkswagen Caddy vehicle with a Graub\xfcnden number plate previously used by Wrousis was later discovered in the city.Schaffhausen state prosecutor Peter Stichler appealed for caution among the local population, saying that Wrousis could act aggressively when cornered. \r\nPresident Pranab Mukherjee launched Rashtrapati Bhavan's Twitter account to connect directly with people. It currently has over 32 lakh followers. Interestingly, during the last two years of his tenure, he used to teach class 11 and 12 students in the school inside the Rashtrapati Bhavan premises. A 'speaking museum' was developed at the Rashtrapati Bhavan to narrate the building's story.\r\nPresident Pranab Mukherjee will demit office on Tuesday, making way for Ram Nath Kovind as the 14th incumbent on the top constitutional post. Though Mukherjee would exit Rashtrapati Bhavan, his contributions as president would be remembered for a long time to come.Pranab Mukherjee did not just confine himself to being a copy president. He took several initiatives in several spheres of life which would go a long way to inspire several generations to come.1. DEMOCRATISATION OF PRESIDENCYThe Rashtrapati Bhavan, on the first anniversary of Pranab Mukherjee's term, made a number of announcements in a bid to democratise the institution of presidency. It did away with the honorific 'His Excellency' used to address the president. Governors of states were also encouraged to follow the practice.The protocol and security restrictions on guests invited to Rashtrapati Bhavan were relaxed to the maximum extent possible.Pranab Mukherjee's predecessors would take part in several activities in different parts of the capital. But these would inconvenience the common man. To avoid this, a decision was taken to have as many functions as possible within the Rashtrapati Bhavan itself in order to avoid disruption of traffic and any inconvenience to public.2. ORDINANCES AND MERCY PETITIONSPranab Mukherjee promulgated or re-promulgated 26 ordinances during his tenure. In the fifth year, he promulgated five ordinances.In the same period, he commuted four mercy petitions and rejected 30, second only to R Venkatraman, who rejected 45 mercy pleas.KR Narayanan and his successor Abdul Kalam came to be known for sitting on mercy petitions. Narayanan, in fact, did not act upon a single mercy petition sent to him. Kalam cleared two petitions during his tenure, commuting one and rejecting the other.On the other hand, President Pranab Mukherjee's immediate predecessor Pratibha Patil earned the reputation of being one of India's most lenient heads of state. She commuted saw 34 pleas and rejected five.3. TEACHER PRANAB MUKHERJEEPresident Pranab Mukherjee also created a record of sorts by becoming the first head of state to teach school children. During the last two years of his presidency, he did what he used to do over 50 years ago - teach. He held classes at a school within the premises of the Rashtrapati Bhavan. Mukherjee, a Master's degree holder in history, political science and law, taught about 80 students of classes 11 and 12 at the Rajendra Prasad Sarvodaya Vidyalaya in the President's Estate. He imparted lesson to students on the history of Indian politics. He also spoke about the rising menace of terrorism in the country and outside.4. RASHTRAPATI BHAVAN ON TWITTERThe Rashtrapati Bhavan's Twitter account was launched on July 1, 2014 to connect directly with the public and disseminate information on the President's activities. The account gained about 102,000 followers in 20 days. As President Pranab Mukherjee demits office, Rashtrapati Bhavan has 3,297,391 followers on Twitter.5. MUSEUMA new museum in a heritage building - the Carriage Halls and the Stables - earlier used for horses and to house buggies, has been converted into a state-of-the-art museum. It highlights landmark events starting from Delhi Durbar of 1911 to the oath taking by first President Rajendra Prasad. The museum also displays a part of the collection of arms, some furniture fashioned by Lutyens, activities of the President's Body Guard and a rich collection of gifts offered to the President by Indian and foreign dignitaries. Another 10,000 square meter museum has been developed underground to portray the history of Rashtrapati Bhavan in a high-tech story-telling format. This is the 'speaking museum' where the Rashtrapati Bhavan narrates its story. The exhibits are supported by modern conservation laboratory, resource centre for visitors' activities and a cyber-library with information bank.6. SMARTGRAM INITIATIVEPresident Pranab Mukherjee launched 'Smartgram' initiative on July 2, 2016 with an aim to develop villages into Humane, Happy and Hi-Tech townships. Under this initiative, five villages in the districts of Gurugram and Mewat in Haryana were selected to implement various programmes based on a convergence model with the support of the Centre, Haryana government, public and private sector organisations, NGOs and individuals. A large number of programmes in the field of education, skill development, infrastructure development, agriculture, health and clean energy were implemented.7. MODERNISING PRESIDENTIAL RETREAT AT DEHRADUN'Rashtrapati Ashiana', the presidential retreat in Dehradun, was lying in a decrepit state. The heritage building was restored, retrofitted and renovated during President Pranab Mukherjee's tenure. Ashiana, earlier known as Commandant's Bungalow and encompassing 217.14 acres, was taken on lease by the then Viceroy's Bodyguard in 1836. In 1975, it was re-designated as Rashtrapati Ashiana. The main restored and renovated building of Ashiana was inaugurated by the President on September 27, 2016. Twelve low cost, technology demonstrative units at Ashiana have been constructed to accommodate the officers and staff of Rashtrapati Bhavan during the presidential visits to Ashiana. The Ashiana Annexe was inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee on July 10, 2017.8. PUBLIC ACCESS TO RASHTRAPATI BHAVANIn order to project Rashtrapati Bhavan as a premier tourist destination in India, three tourist circuits - Rashtrapati Bhavan, Mughal Gardens and Rashtrapati Bhavan Museum - were opened on July, 25 2016. Over 94,360 people visited the Rashtrapati Bhavan during the fifth year of the presidency. A record number of more than 6.95 lakh people visited 'Udyanotsav 2017' - the annual opening of Mughal Garden between February 5 and March 12, 2017. Over 77,323 persons visited the Rashtrapati Bhavan and more than 30,866 persons visited using the online booking system during the fifth year of the presidency.9. WELFARE ACTIVITIESPresident Pranab Mukherjee launched '4S' initiatives. 'Sanskriti' is aimed at the children of the President's Estate in the age group of 7 to 15 years and their wholesome development through organising of painting, yoga, storytelling, clay modelling and singing classes at the Pranab Mukherjee Public Library. 'Samagam', a community initiative for senior citizens residing in the President's Estate, offers an opportunity for them to get together every afternoon from Monday to Friday. Facilities like yoga classes, community singing, counselling services, free health check-ups and board games have been made available. Under 'Sparsh', an initiative for special children, a respite centre has been opened. 'Sanskar' aims at meeting the nutritional requirements of children at the Rashtrapati Bhavan Play School.10. COMMISSIONING OF ROOFTOP SOLAR POWER PANELSVarious initiatives were taken to make the President's Estate more energy efficient. During the fifth year, rooftop solar power panels with a capacity of approximately 508 KW were installed in association with Rural Electrification Corporation Limited and Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited. With a view to having a proper transport system in place within the Estate and also to enhance connectivity between the important gates of the Estate and the nearby Metro stations and bus terminals, e-rickshaws have started plying. Their number would be augmented in a phased manner.11. IN-RESIDENCE PROGRAMMESPresident Pranab Mukherjee opened up the gates of the Rashtrapati Bhavan to the people in a big way. One of the landmark initiatives for achieving this was the In-Residence Programme. This programme was envisaged to encourage the creative and innovative potential of the people and opening up Rashtrapati Bhavan for greater participation and involvement of citizens in its activities. The programme gathered further momentum in the fifth year with ten innovation scholars, two writers and two artists staying at Rashtrapati Bhavan from March 4 and 18 this year. So far, 161 people have participated in such programmes. Those who stayed in the Rashtrapati Bhavan under the programmes include writer Paresh Maity and his wife, artist Jayasri Burman, well known artist and freedom fighter Shahabuddin Ahmed of Bangladesh.12. E-GOVERNANCEPresident Pranab Mukherjee took several initiatives to adopt new technologies and solutions. The 'E-Pustakalaya' project for bar coding and cataloguing of books took place. Using e-Granthalaya software, relating to Automated Library of President's Secretariat (ALPS), around 8310 e-books have been uploaded and over 34,117 books have been e-catalogued. These books are available under e-office platform.Through Digital Photo Library (DPL), implemented in August, 2015, approximately 3.75 lakh negatives have been scanned. Approximately 92,105 digitised photographs from December, 1996 have been uploaded onto the DPL server. The DPL provides access to rare and historical photographs and facilitates archiving through digitisation of photographs.Under E-Management of Visitors System (E-MVS), online monitoring of the system is done on a regular basis to ensure smooth and effective management of online requests in a time bound manner. Around 3.75 lakh visitors have visited Rashtrapati Bhavan and the Rashtrapati Bhavan Museum Complex using the online system. The E-MVS has been adopted by Raj Bhavans of Maharashtra, Uttarakhand and Tamil Nadu.Bar-coded invitations through E-Invitations Management System (EIMS) are being extensively used for various functions such as cultural programmes, state banquets, At-Home receptions, swearing-in ceremonies, civil investiture ceremonies, Defence investiture ceremonies, visitor's awards and the likes. So far, more than one lakh e-invitations have been sent through this system for over 425 functions. This bar-coded invitation system has also been adopted by other organisations such as Indian Council of World Affairs, National Innovation Foundation, Uttarakhand Raj Bhavan, NITI AYOG and Consumer Affairs Ministry.13. BUGGYHighlighting the role of Rashtrapati Bhavan as a witness to modern Indian history and its unique feature as a heritage building, President Pranab Mukherjee revived the tradition of using the State Landau or Buggy. It was used for the Beating Retreat ceremony on January 29,\xa0 2014 for the first time after a gap of almost 30 years.14. PRANAB MUKHERJEE PUBLIC LIBRARYA dilapidated building due for demolition located in Schedule 'B' of the President's Estate was restored and converted into the Pranab Mukherjee Public Library for the welfare of the residents of the Estate. The restoration work was completed in a record time of five months and was inaugurated on July 25, 2013.15. IMPROVEMENTS IN PRESIDENT'S ESTATEPresident Pranab Mukherjee made efforts to comply the green building parameters laid down by the Urban Development ministry. The Narmada Residential Complex quarters for the staff of Rashtrapati Bhavan have special features. They include rain water harvesting, use of energy efficient LED lights, recycling of waste water, use of fly ash bricks in partitioning walls and solar water heating. An underground sump provides for utilisation of sewage treated water in parks and flushing system of water closets. The facade of quarters is as per Rashtrapati Bhavan architectural features like cornice, columns and chhajjas.ALSO READConstitution my holy book, Parliament my temple: President Pranab Mukherjee in last address to nation\r\nOutgoing President Pranab Mukherjee had discontinued the term 'His Excellency' earlier used to address Presidents, during his tenure as the 13th President of the country. He instead asked the word 'Hon'ble' to be added before a designation. Further, he had also directed authorities to organise maximum events inside the Rashtrapati Bhavan to reduce inconvenience caused to the police and people.\r\nPresident Pranab Mukherjee will demit office on Tuesday, making way for Ram Nath Kovind as the 14th incumbent on the top constitutional post. Though Mukherjee would exit Rashtrapati Bhavan, his contributions as president would be remembered for a long time to come.Pranab Mukherjee did not just confine himself to being a copy president. He took several initiatives in several spheres of life which would go a long way to inspire several generations to come.1. DEMOCRATISATION OF PRESIDENCYThe Rashtrapati Bhavan, on the first anniversary of Pranab Mukherjee's term, made a number of announcements in a bid to democratise the institution of presidency. It did away with the honorific 'His Excellency' used to address the president. Governors of states were also encouraged to follow the practice.The protocol and security restrictions on guests invited to Rashtrapati Bhavan were relaxed to the maximum extent possible.Pranab Mukherjee's predecessors would take part in several activities in different parts of the capital. But these would inconvenience the common man. To avoid this, a decision was taken to have as many functions as possible within the Rashtrapati Bhavan itself in order to avoid disruption of traffic and any inconvenience to public.2. ORDINANCES AND MERCY PETITIONSPranab Mukherjee promulgated or re-promulgated 26 ordinances during his tenure. In the fifth year, he promulgated five ordinances.In the same period, he commuted four mercy petitions and rejected 30, second only to R Venkatraman, who rejected 45 mercy pleas.KR Narayanan and his successor Abdul Kalam came to be known for sitting on mercy petitions. Narayanan, in fact, did not act upon a single mercy petition sent to him. Kalam cleared two petitions during his tenure, commuting one and rejecting the other.On the other hand, President Pranab Mukherjee's immediate predecessor Pratibha Patil earned the reputation of being one of India's most lenient heads of state. She commuted saw 34 pleas and rejected five.3. TEACHER PRANAB MUKHERJEEPresident Pranab Mukherjee also created a record of sorts by becoming the first head of state to teach school children. During the last two years of his presidency, he did what he used to do over 50 years ago - teach. He held classes at a school within the premises of the Rashtrapati Bhavan. Mukherjee, a Master's degree holder in history, political science and law, taught about 80 students of classes 11 and 12 at the Rajendra Prasad Sarvodaya Vidyalaya in the President's Estate. He imparted lesson to students on the history of Indian politics. He also spoke about the rising menace of terrorism in the country and outside.4. RASHTRAPATI BHAVAN ON TWITTERThe Rashtrapati Bhavan's Twitter account was launched on July 1, 2014 to connect directly with the public and disseminate information on the President's activities. The account gained about 102,000 followers in 20 days. As President Pranab Mukherjee demits office, Rashtrapati Bhavan has 3,297,391 followers on Twitter.5. MUSEUMA new museum in a heritage building - the Carriage Halls and the Stables - earlier used for horses and to house buggies, has been converted into a state-of-the-art museum. It highlights landmark events starting from Delhi Durbar of 1911 to the oath taking by first President Rajendra Prasad. The museum also displays a part of the collection of arms, some furniture fashioned by Lutyens, activities of the President's Body Guard and a rich collection of gifts offered to the President by Indian and foreign dignitaries. Another 10,000 square meter museum has been developed underground to portray the history of Rashtrapati Bhavan in a high-tech story-telling format. This is the 'speaking museum' where the Rashtrapati Bhavan narrates its story. The exhibits are supported by modern conservation laboratory, resource centre for visitors' activities and a cyber-library with information bank.6. SMARTGRAM INITIATIVEPresident Pranab Mukherjee launched 'Smartgram' initiative on July 2, 2016 with an aim to develop villages into Humane, Happy and Hi-Tech townships. Under this initiative, five villages in the districts of Gurugram and Mewat in Haryana were selected to implement various programmes based on a convergence model with the support of the Centre, Haryana government, public and private sector organisations, NGOs and individuals. A large number of programmes in the field of education, skill development, infrastructure development, agriculture, health and clean energy were implemented.7. MODERNISING PRESIDENTIAL RETREAT AT DEHRADUN'Rashtrapati Ashiana', the presidential retreat in Dehradun, was lying in a decrepit state. The heritage building was restored, retrofitted and renovated during President Pranab Mukherjee's tenure. Ashiana, earlier known as Commandant's Bungalow and encompassing 217.14 acres, was taken on lease by the then Viceroy's Bodyguard in 1836. In 1975, it was re-designated as Rashtrapati Ashiana. The main restored and renovated building of Ashiana was inaugurated by the President on September 27, 2016. Twelve low cost, technology demonstrative units at Ashiana have been constructed to accommodate the officers and staff of Rashtrapati Bhavan during the presidential visits to Ashiana. The Ashiana Annexe was inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee on July 10, 2017.8. PUBLIC ACCESS TO RASHTRAPATI BHAVANIn order to project Rashtrapati Bhavan as a premier tourist destination in India, three tourist circuits - Rashtrapati Bhavan, Mughal Gardens and Rashtrapati Bhavan Museum - were opened on July, 25 2016. Over 94,360 people visited the Rashtrapati Bhavan during the fifth year of the presidency. A record number of more than 6.95 lakh people visited 'Udyanotsav 2017' - the annual opening of Mughal Garden between February 5 and March 12, 2017. Over 77,323 persons visited the Rashtrapati Bhavan and more than 30,866 persons visited using the online booking system during the fifth year of the presidency.9. WELFARE ACTIVITIESPresident Pranab Mukherjee launched '4S' initiatives. 'Sanskriti' is aimed at the children of the President's Estate in the age group of 7 to 15 years and their wholesome development through organising of painting, yoga, storytelling, clay modelling and singing classes at the Pranab Mukherjee Public Library. 'Samagam', a community initiative for senior citizens residing in the President's Estate, offers an opportunity for them to get together every afternoon from Monday to Friday. Facilities like yoga classes, community singing, counselling services, free health check-ups and board games have been made available. Under 'Sparsh', an initiative for special children, a respite centre has been opened. 'Sanskar' aims at meeting the nutritional requirements of children at the Rashtrapati Bhavan Play School.10. COMMISSIONING OF ROOFTOP SOLAR POWER PANELSVarious initiatives were taken to make the President's Estate more energy efficient. During the fifth year, rooftop solar power panels with a capacity of approximately 508 KW were installed in association with Rural Electrification Corporation Limited and Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited. With a view to having a proper transport system in place within the Estate and also to enhance connectivity between the important gates of the Estate and the nearby Metro stations and bus terminals, e-rickshaws have started plying. Their number would be augmented in a phased manner.11. IN-RESIDENCE PROGRAMMESPresident Pranab Mukherjee opened up the gates of the Rashtrapati Bhavan to the people in a big way. One of the landmark initiatives for achieving this was the In-Residence Programme. This programme was envisaged to encourage the creative and innovative potential of the people and opening up Rashtrapati Bhavan for greater participation and involvement of citizens in its activities. The programme gathered further momentum in the fifth year with ten innovation scholars, two writers and two artists staying at Rashtrapati Bhavan from March 4 and 18 this year. So far, 161 people have participated in such programmes. Those who stayed in the Rashtrapati Bhavan under the programmes include writer Paresh Maity and his wife, artist Jayasri Burman, well known artist and freedom fighter Shahabuddin Ahmed of Bangladesh.12. E-GOVERNANCEPresident Pranab Mukherjee took several initiatives to adopt new technologies and solutions. The 'E-Pustakalaya' project for bar coding and cataloguing of books took place. Using e-Granthalaya software, relating to Automated Library of President's Secretariat (ALPS), around 8310 e-books have been uploaded and over 34,117 books have been e-catalogued. These books are available under e-office platform.Through Digital Photo Library (DPL), implemented in August, 2015, approximately 3.75 lakh negatives have been scanned. Approximately 92,105 digitised photographs from December, 1996 have been uploaded onto the DPL server. The DPL provides access to rare and historical photographs and facilitates archiving through digitisation of photographs.Under E-Management of Visitors System (E-MVS), online monitoring of the system is done on a regular basis to ensure smooth and effective management of online requests in a time bound manner. Around 3.75 lakh visitors have visited Rashtrapati Bhavan and the Rashtrapati Bhavan Museum Complex using the online system. The E-MVS has been adopted by Raj Bhavans of Maharashtra, Uttarakhand and Tamil Nadu.Bar-coded invitations through E-Invitations Management System (EIMS) are being extensively used for various functions such as cultural programmes, state banquets, At-Home receptions, swearing-in ceremonies, civil investiture ceremonies, Defence investiture ceremonies, visitor's awards and the likes. So far, more than one lakh e-invitations have been sent through this system for over 425 functions. This bar-coded invitation system has also been adopted by other organisations such as Indian Council of World Affairs, National Innovation Foundation, Uttarakhand Raj Bhavan, NITI AYOG and Consumer Affairs Ministry.13. BUGGYHighlighting the role of Rashtrapati Bhavan as a witness to modern Indian history and its unique feature as a heritage building, President Pranab Mukherjee revived the tradition of using the State Landau or Buggy. It was used for the Beating Retreat ceremony on January 29,\xa0 2014 for the first time after a gap of almost 30 years.14. PRANAB MUKHERJEE PUBLIC LIBRARYA dilapidated building due for demolition located in Schedule 'B' of the President's Estate was restored and converted into the Pranab Mukherjee Public Library for the welfare of the residents of the Estate. The restoration work was completed in a record time of five months and was inaugurated on July 25, 2013.15. IMPROVEMENTS IN PRESIDENT'S ESTATEPresident Pranab Mukherjee made efforts to comply the green building parameters laid down by the Urban Development ministry. The Narmada Residential Complex quarters for the staff of Rashtrapati Bhavan have special features. They include rain water harvesting, use of energy efficient LED lights, recycling of waste water, use of fly ash bricks in partitioning walls and solar water heating. An underground sump provides for utilisation of sewage treated water in parks and flushing system of water closets. The facade of quarters is as per Rashtrapati Bhavan architectural features like cornice, columns and chhajjas.ALSO READConstitution my holy book, Parliament my temple: President Pranab Mukherjee in last address to nation\r\nPresident-elect Ram Nath Kovind, who will take the oath as the country's 14th President, talked about his childhood, saying his election to the post "is to represent all such Kovinds toiling away to make a living". He was born in an Uttar Pradesh village, and his father had to sell off a piece of his land to fund his education.\r\nRam Nath Kovind was sworn in as India?s 14th president on Tuesday. Kovind, a low-profile politician, will have the task of establishing himself as the first citizen, and not the government?s rubber stamp. Here are key points to know about him. Kovind, 71, was born in a poor family in Paraunkh village in rural Kanpur. The Hindu reports Kovind and his siblings would stick to the corners of their mud hut, as the thatched roof could not stop the rain from pouring into their home. ?My election as President of India is to represent all such Kovinds toiling away to make a living,? he recalled the day he was elected.Kovind?s father was a farmer who had to sell off a piece of land to fund his son?s education in Kanpur. Kovind is a lawyer, who has practised at the Delhi High Court and the Supreme Court. Kovind, as a lawyer, worked to provide free legal aid to the poor and Dalits. Kovind?s Dalit identity is a ?matter of fact? but that?s just one part, says the BJP. ?If at all Kovind represents any section, it is that of the majority of India--rural, agrarian, economically and socially underprivileged. It is the same section that Prime Minister Narendra Modi represents. He too was sneered at by some Lutyens? intellectuals as ?chaiwala?. But both Kovind and Modi represent the true India - Marx?s proletariat and Socrates? philosopher rolled into one,? BJP leader Ram Madhav wrote in an article in The Indian Express.Kovind will be the country?s first president born and brought up in Uttar Pradesh. Zakir Hussain, the third president, was from Uttar Pradesh but he wasn?t born there. Kovind?s election as president is expected to ?repair and consolidate? the BJP?s social base in the state after Yogi Adityanath, a Rajput, was made the chief minister. Prime Minister Narendra Modi represents Varanasi, the UP temple town, in Parliament. President elect Ram Nath Kovind greets people during a ceremony after his election, in Delhi on July 20. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tKovind unsuccessfully contested assembly elections twice and Lok Sabha polls once. He was elected to Rajya Sabha from Uttar Pradesh in 1994 and served two consecutive terms. He spoke on a variety of subjects in Rajya Sabha: from adult movies on TV to a sensitive report on the 1962 war. Kovind posed 283 questions during the two terms in Rajya Sabha. Media profiles written after the National Democratic Alliance selected Kovind as its presidential nominee described him as ?soft-spoken, low profile, unassuming and affable?. It is perhaps Kovind?s style of politics that led Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar to back him for the president?s office though the JD(U) leader had criticised his appointment as the state?s governor in 2015. When Kovind visited his village in Uttar Pradesh in 2001, people presented him 11 silver crowns and tried to weigh him in coins. He politely refused both, asking if their love was limited to mere symbolism. He got the silver crowns sold and used the money to marry off 20 women in the village. Kovind, as BJP?s national spokesperson between 2010 and 2012, addressed just three press conferences. ?Heavyweight spokesmen overshadowed him,? a BJP leader who worked with Kovind in the media department told Hindustan Times. Kovind held a press conference in March 2010 which created controversy when he was named for the presidential race. Kovind reportedly rejected a commission?s report recommending reservation for religious minorities. ?Islam and Christianity are alien to the nation,? he reportedly said at the press conference. But his supporters say he was misquoted and he actually said ?notion?. Kovind could be a gentleman politician but as president he doesn?t have to a rubber stamp of the government. There is no constitutional provision that obliges the president to act on the ?aid and advice? of the Cabinet. As this opinion article notes: ?Through the intelligent use of power of reconsideration of the Cabinet?s advice (like KR Narayanan did) and the use of pocket veto and right to be informed like Zail Singh, Kovind can fulfill his oath and enhance the stature his office.?Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah selected Kovind for the job around the first week of June, but Kovind himself was unaware of his candidature till June 17, reports India Today. When a source close to Shah asked him on May 30 whether Union minister Thawar Chand Gehlot was to be the NDA candidate, he was told: ?Someone like him.?Kovind?s family stays away from the limelight. His wife, Savita, called him for hours before she could speak to him after he was declared the NDA?s presidential candidate on June 19. Kovind?s daughter, Swati, is an air hostess with Air India and his son, Prashant, owns a petrol pump.Dog lovers will take pride in President Kovind. An India Today report notes that when Kovind and his family lived at 144 North Avenue, New Delhi, they adopted six stray dogs. Will these dogs move to Rashtrapati Bhavan now?\r\nParamedical and contractual staff of a Noida district hospital on Monday reportedly protested for four hours against the hospital authorities over pending salaries and non-renewal of contracts. Hospital officials said that their salary payment and contract-renewal had to be done by the Noida Authority, and the hospital was not responsible for it. The staff resumed their duties after the protests.\r\n Health services were crippled at the district hospital in Sector 30 for four hours on Monday as contractual doctors and paramedical staff went on a strike and protested against the hospital administration for not paying them salaries for the last three months. Nearly 150 doctors and nurses of the hospital took part in the four-hour protest from 8am to 12pm at the district hospital premises. Holding placards, the protesting staff demanded the immediate release of their pending salaries. The wages of the contractual staff are provided by the Noida authority, which are later disbursed by the hospital administration. Due to the protest, patients and permanent staff at the hospital faced inconvenience. The contractual staff members staged a sit-in in front of the main gate. They also demanded that their contract be renewed for another year along with the release of the pending salary by the Noida authority. Chief medical superintendent of district hospital Dr Ajay Aggarwal said, ?We are not responsible for paying their salaries. They have worked here for three months and they resumed their work today (Monday) too after the protest. Their contract has to be renewed by the Noida authority and the authority is planning to do it.? The hospital?s permanent staff strength is 350. It has an overall strength of 500, including the contractual staff. Around 2,500 people daily visit the district hospital in the outpatient department to avail of the treatment. The hospital has a bed capacity of 150. ?There was no impact on the services at the hospital. The staff strength of 350 is enough to take care of patients in a facility the size of the district hospital. Presence of these contractual workers makes hospitals function more smoothly. Even if the Noida authority does not pay them, they cannot do anything about it owing to the conditions mentioned in their contracts,? Dr Aggarwal added. ?We have been performing our duties diligently and it is our right to get our pending salaries. The hospital has maintained the record of our duties and it should stand with us,? said Kavita, a paramedical staff member. \r\nA 9-year-old South African child has become only the third known case worldwide to show signs of AIDS virus' long-term remission without any drugs. The child was given anti-AIDS medicine for 10 months till the age of one which helped lower HIV levels from "very high" to undetectable. The kid was then taken off drugs as part of a trial.\r\nA South African girl has become only the third child to beat the AIDS virus into long-term remission -- almost nine years and counting -- after receiving a drug cocktail in infancy, researchers announced Monday.The child was given a ten-month course of anti-AIDS medicine until she was one year old, then taken off the drugs as part of a medical trial.Eight years and nine months later, the virus is still dormant and the girl healthy without needing treatment, a research team reported at the International AIDS Society conference on HIV science in Paris.?This new case strengthens our hope that by treating HIV-infected children for a brief period beginning in infancy, we may be able to spare them the burden of life-long therapy,? said AIDS expert Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) which funded the study.Some scientists refer to sustained, drug-free remission as a ?functional cure?.Unlike a traditional cure, where the virus is eradicated, the patient still has HIV in their system but it is so weakened that it cannot replicate or spread to sexual partners.Researchers hope that by treating people as soon as possible after infection, they can one day induce drug-free remission for sustained periods of time, perhaps for good.This has become a major focus of research amid fading hopes of finding a permanent cure.The virus has proven more sneaky than imagined -- it has the ability to hide out in human cells and play dead for years, only to re-emerge and attack as soon as treatment is stopped.Anti-retroviral (ARV) treatment inhibits the virus, but doesn?t kill it, and infected people have to take pills daily for life which are costly and have side-effects.Relapse possibleA rare group of infected people -- fewer than one percent -- are able naturally to stop the virus replicating. They are known as ?elite controllers?, but the mechanism by which they keep the virus at bay remains a mystery.The girl does not have ?elite controller? DNA, said the study authors.Among people taking virus-suppressing anti-retroviral drugs, only a few have attained drug-free remission.They include 14 adults in a French trial who were able to quit their medication after three years and stayed healthy.A French woman aged 20, treated as a baby, has been healthy for 14 years since stopping her medication -- the longest-known remission.In the United States, the so-called Mississippi Baby was in remission for 27 months after being given ART for the first 18 months of life, but the virus rebounded in a major let-down for researchers.This undated photo provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shows a scanning electron micrograph of multiple round bumps of the HIV-1 virus on a cell surface. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AP Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tNow there is the South African girl -- the first case of remission in a child enrolled in a trial to test the effectiveness of early treatment, for a limited time.?Relapse is a possibility in any case of remission,? underlined study co-leader Avy Violari of the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg.However, ?the fact that remission has been for a long period suggests this is likely to be durable,? she told AFP.Researchers do not understand how the girl achieved remission when 410 other children in the trial did not.?We can?t tell if her immune system would have controlled the virus on its own or if the treatment made a difference,? said Sharon Lewin, a professor of medicine at the University of Melbourne.?Impressive?The girl was diagnosed HIV-positive on her 32nd day of life. After ten months of treatment, levels of HIV in her blood went from ?very high? to undetectible.Tests conducted when she was nine-and-a-half years old showed the vaguest trace of virus, unable to replicate, said the team. The girl had healthy levels of key immune cells.Some fear the girl is in a minority of people for whom early treatment is sufficient to induce remission.?Early treatment is good for lots of reasons. Early treatment stops HIV transmission, early treatment means the immune system stays in better shape and early treatment keeps the (virus) reservoirs small,? Lewin told AFP. ?Early treatment may also increase the chance of remission, but more studies are needed to really prove this.?Michael Brady, medical director of the Terrence Higgins Trust, an AIDS charity, said remission was ?impressive?.?We just need to understand more about why this is and then find ways to apply it to others,? he commented on the study.The children in the trial were monitored for rebounding virus levels, and the experts stressed it is not a good idea for people to take themselves off ARV treatment.\r\nDelhi Police have been using Bollywood-inspired memes to spread awareness about social issues on Twitter. "Memes are helpful in establishing a connect with young people and they also popularise our on-ground campaigns to counter drug addiction, ragging and cyber crimes," police said. Hashtags like #Drugskadanda, #Drugskapanchnama and #Jabwearrest were also used in the campaign.\r\nIf you thought that cops lack sense of humour, Delhi Police?s Twitter handle will prove you wrong. From ?Drugwale ko Delhi Police le jayenge? to Bollywood inspired ?Bhaag Charsi Bhaag?, Delhi Police is using funny, creative memes to counter social problems. These memes aim to catch the attention of the youth and put an end to various menaces. ?Social media is an important medium to connect with the youth. We have been actively interacting with them. These memes are helpful in establishing a connect with young people and they also popularise our on-ground campaigns to counter drug addiction, ragging and cyber crimes,? says Madhur Verma, DCP (Crime) and PRO, Delhi Police.  Inspired by Bhaag Milkha Bhaag, this creative aims to sensitise youngsters on drug addiction. A city-based advertising agency has put these creatives together ?We try to fit in the popular culture. For example, drug consumers are often young people and to sensitise them, we have used Bollywood movie titles, as they are relatable. Our campaign hashtags are also inspired by Bollywood. #Drugskadanda,  #Drugskapanchnama #Abnoraggingbose and #Jabwearrest are some of the examples,? says Ankir Pujari from Astral Advertising.  What do young people think about the funny creatives? ?It makes Delhi Police more real and approachable. They have turned really cool,? says 20-year-old management student Harshita Agarwal. Agrees Mohit Randhawa, 23, engineering student. ?No one likes to be lectured. Saying important things in a fun way is nice. I saw these Tweets and shared them. If they were not so cool, I wouldn?t have noticed them.?Follow @htTweets for more \r\nWith majority of toilets built under Swachh Bharat Abhiyan lying unused, posters depicting characters like Baahubali making their contribution towards cleanliness have been put up to push the campaign at Indian Railways. Railways, with the help of a startup, has also put up hoardings appealing passengers to become like Bhagat Singh, among other national icons by keeping the country clean.\r\nWith estimated 60 per cent of toilets built under Swachh Bharat Mission lying unused, startups have come up to the rescue of the railway ministry with innovative communication module to induce behavioural changes in people. From national icons like Mahatma Gandhi, BR Ambedkar and Bhagat Singh to present-day heroes like Baahubali, the module uses these characters to urge people to stop littering and defecating in public.A pilot project has been launched by a behavioural intervention startup, Antyodaya Group at the New Delhi railway station which uses behavioural science to communicate the message. Posters and hoardings have been put up at the station appealing passengers to be like Gandhi, Ambedkar and Bhagat Singh by keeping the country clean.TOILET INFRASTRUCTURE"The Swachh Bharat Mission is mostly confined to create toilet infrastructure but little has been done to change the mindset of people towards using these facilities. As a result, the infrastructure largely remains unused. The startup is inspired by this behvioural pattern that needs to be changed," said Sourav Panda, the founder of the startup, adding, it uses applied and social psychology, behaviour economics and choice architecture to spread the message of cleanliness.Official sources said Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, touted as world's biggest cleanliness programme, with nearly eight per cent of the total budget reserved for the behavioural-change component, but over last three years, the focus has been on building toilet infrastructure without the proper understanding of how people's mindsets can be changed towards their usage.Sources said nearly 60 per cent of the total toilets built under the mission are not being used as also unused toilets are being converted into storage spaces and thus causing huge loss to the public.Seventy per cent of all diseases diagnosed are related to sanitation. If this goes on then India is facing a 2.2 trillion dollar expenditure on public healthcare because of lack of awareness about sanitation.\r\nA Chandigarh hospital's doctors ruled out the possibility of abortion for a 10-year-old rape victim who is nearly eight months pregnant. The Supreme Court on Monday had asked the hospital to examine if the pregnancy can be terminated after hearing a plea for the rape survivor. A Chandigarh district court had rejected the plea when she was six months pregnant.\r\nGynaecologists from the Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER) have ruled out the possibility of aborting the nearly eight-month pregnancy of a 10-year-old rape victim. ?It will be just like delivering a baby,? said a senior gynaecologist from the premier government hospital, which was on Monday tasked by the Supreme Court with examining if the pregnancy can be terminated. As per SC  directions, the PGIMER has constituted an eight-member committee that would formally check if the health of the girl and the child would be adversely affected if the pregnancy is allowed to extend to its full term up to delivery. HT interacted with some gynecologists from the PGIMER and also Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH),  Sector 32, to know their views. Almost all of them ruled out aborting the 30-week foetus due to medical reasons. A senior gynaecologist from GMCH-32 told HT, ?The baby cannot be aborted. They can go to any apex court or any hospital. The child has crossed the time to abort the baby.??Ten- to 12-year old children getting pregnant are rare cases. In the last five years, I have seen only two such cases; one mother was 10 and the other, 12,? said a PGIMER gynaecologist.  She said that in both cases the babies were delivered safely via Caesarian (C-section). ?The mother is so fragile that she cannot bear the trauma of labour pain and natural delivery. We could not let the 10-year-old undergo so much pain; so in that case we conducted elective C-section, wherein delivery was done even before the labour pain began,? she added. When asked if C-section is safer than natural delivery among pregnant children, she said, ?So far, no study on that has been done.? About risk factors, she said, ?Surgically, the risk is as much as it is in any other surgery. But  the pregnancy will be more complicated than that in adult women.? Meanwhile, on the panel constituted by the PGIMER are Dr D Behera, head of pulmonary medicine department, as chairperson; Dr Vipin Koushal from the hospital administration as member-secretary; Dr Vanita Suri, head, gynaecology; Dr Surjit Singh, head, paediatrics; Dr N Khandelwal, head, radio-diagnosis; Dr Ajit Awasthi, head, psychiatry; Dr Swati Kumari, head, internal medicine; and Dr Manoj Kumar Rohit from the cardiology department.The SC bench headed by Chief Justice JS Khehar had also asked member-secretary of the state legal services authority to assist the panel in the examination to be held on Wednesday. The next hearing is on Friday.India has a 20-week legal ceiling on abortion. Law allows a woman to abort but only after doctors confirm it is necessary to save the mother?s life. The SC has been receiving petitions, including from rape victims, to terminate pregnancies beyond 20 weeks; and uit has referred these to medical experts before any orders. Recently, the court gave a 10-year-old rape victim from Haryana the permission to abort.The Chandigarh case came to light 10 days ago after the girl was taken to hospital for stomach ache. The girl was raped allegedly by her maternal uncle, a hotel worker, repeatedly over seven months. He has been arrested. The girl?s family hails from Nepal and has been residing in servants? quarters in one of the southern sectors in Chandigarh. Her father is a watchman and the mother works as a domestic help.\r\nThe UP government has revoked its decision to provide separate VVIP lanes at toll plazas for MPs and MLAs stuck in traffic jams. Additional Chief Secretary Sadakant issued letters to all magistrates "modifying" an advisory dated July 13 that ensured separate VVIP lanes, which he said, "raised a number of questions". All existing facilities will benefit all citizens, he added.\r\nThe Uttar Pradesh government on Monday revoked its decision to provide a dedicated corridor at toll plazas for lawmakers in case of traffic snarls, after drawing flak from the opposition.Additional Chief Secretary Sadakant issued letters to all district magistrates and divisional commissioners ?modifying? an advisory dated July 13, which he said had led to confusion and raised a number of questions.It was mentioned in the advisory that in case of long traffic jams at toll collection centres and plazas, there should be a provision for separate lane for VVIPs.?...it is being made clear that for the VVIPs, no separate lane at the toll plazas will be constructed. All the facilities which are existing at the toll plazas/toll collection centres will be applicable for all the citizens. The previously issued advisory stands modified,? the additional chief secretary said in the letter.The July 13 advisory had drawn flak from opposition parties which alleged that instead of providing separate lanes to emergency vehicles, like ambulances, the government was doing so for politicians.UP Congress spokesperson Ashok Singh had said, ?On one hand the government had declared that it wanted to curb VIP culture by removing red and blue beacons from ministers and officials vehicles, and on the other it was passing such orders which will only strengthen VIP culture.? \r\nPremier League club Manchester City has signed French side AS Monaco's Benjamin Mendy for \xa352 million (over ?436 crore), making him the world's most expensive defender. The 23-year-old left-back surpassed Kyle Walker, who recently signed for Manchester City from Tottenham Hotspur for over \xa345 million (around ?377 crore). Manchester City has now taken its summer spending to over \xa3200 million.\r\nManchester City have taken their summer spending to more than \xa3200m with the signing of Benjamin Mendy from Monaco and increased their total outlay in the transfer market since Pep Guardiola took charge 13 months ago to \xa3385m.The transfer fee of \xa352m (?57.5m) for Mendy is a world record for a defender and is Guardiola?s latest signal of intent as he seeks to build a squad capable of winning major silverware in his second season at the Etihad Stadium.City?s spending is closing in on Real Madrid?s record for money outlayed in a single transfer window by one club, set when the Spanish club spent ?257m (\xa3230m) in the summer of 2009 bringing in Xabi Alonso, Karim Benzema, Kak\xe1 and Cristiano Ronaldo.Mendy, who has signed a five-year contract with City, had been identified as a key target by Guardiola following the departure of the left-back Ga\xebl Clichy at the end of last season and Aleksandar Kolarov, who left for Roma last week after seven years at the club. His signing completes a transformation of City?s defence since Guardiola?s appointment last summer.City confirmed over the weekend the \xa326.5m switch from Real Madrid of Danilo, who is expected to provide cover for the first-choice full-backs Mendy and the \xa345m signing from Tottenham Hotspur, Kyle Walker. They will line up alongside other expensive arrivals including the centre-back John Stones, signed last season for \xa347m, and the \xa334.9m goalkeeper Ederson from Benfica.The signing of Mendy, in particular, is a statement not only of City?s financial firepower but also of Guardiola?s determination to build the kind of ruthless attacking machine which he developed at Barcelona and Bayern Munich.Mendy, 23, came through Le Havre?s youth system before a move to Marseille in 2013. He switched to Monaco last summer for \xa311m where he established himself as one of the best full-backs in the world with his powerful and direct style of play as the club claimed the French title and reached the Champions League semi-finals.Like Walker, Mendy is at his most effective going forward and City will hope the duo can add a surge of energy in wide areas that was lacking last season; Guardiola received some criticism for switching between four and three at the back and deploying his full-backs in unfamiliar roles tucked into midfield. City?s new recruits indicate a move towards a more typical and consistent four-man defence, although Mendy and Walker are comfortable at wing-back.Mendy will join City?s squad in Los Angeles where Guardiola?s side are preparing to face Real Madrid in the International Champions Cup .?I am absolutely delighted to be joining Manchester City,? Mendy said. ?They are one of Europe?s leading clubs and in Pep Guardiola they have a manager committed to playing attacking football. I am sure that over the next few years we will be successful.?Txiki Begiristain, City?s director of football, said: ?Benjamin has all the qualities we are looking for in a full-back. For such a young player he has a wealth of top-level experience. He is undoubtedly one of the world?s best full-backs, our No1 target in this position. We are all delighted to have him here at Manchester City.?\r\nThe family of late wrestler Khashaba Dadasaheb Jadhav, who bagged India's first Olympic bronze medal in 1952, has threatened to auction the medal to fund a wrestling academy. The wrestler's son said the Maharashtra government had planned an academy in 2009, but no action was taken. The family has also threatened a hunger strike if funds are not released.\r\nIn an embarrassment for the Maharashtra government, the family of the late wrestler Khashaba Dadasaheb Jadhav, who bagged India?s first individual Olympic bronze medal in 1952, on Monday threatened to auction it off to finance a wrestling academy the state had long promised to fund.The legendary wrestler?s son, Ranjit K. D. Jadhav said that it was exactly 65 years ago (July 24), when his father created history for India sports by bagging the first individual Olympic medal in Bantamweight Freestyle wrestling at the Helsinki Olympics in 1952.?Since then, it was my father?s dream to set up a full-fledged world-class wrestling academy in our village, Goleshwar (Karad sub-district) in Satara. Despite repeated attempts we have failed,? Ranjit Jadhav told IANS.In 2009, the then Maharashtra Sports Minister announced the government?s plans to set up an academy, but nothing moved till December 2013 when an amount of Rs.1.58 crore was earmarked for the academy.READ |?SAI orders fitness test for department coaches, but confusion prevails?The matter languishes in cold storage even after sanctioning the amount and now the cost of setting up the academy would be nearly double,? Jadhav said.The Goleshwar Village Panchayat, along with the family have decided to take matters into their own hands, warning that they will auction off the medal to raise finances for the dream academy of the great wrestler.?We have issued an ultimatum to the state government till August 14 - the 33rd death anniversary of my father, who died aged 58 in 1984. If they fail to clear its promise of the academy, from Independence Day, August 15, the family and villagers will go on a hunger strike,? Jadhav declared.On the plans to auction the medal, he said the main problem before the villagers and the family was ascertaining its true value.For this, they have put the ball in the state government?s court, and said the officials must determine its true value, auction it and hand over the entire proceeds to the village to finance the academy, Jadhav said.READ |?Manpreet Kaur fails dope test, but remains eligible for shot put event at World meetHe admits that the Olympic bronze medal ?is invaluable and a national treasure?, but the circumstances and official indifference have compelled them to initiate steps to auction it.Jadhav recalled how his father was keen for such an academy which could produce many more potential Olympic medallists for the country, which had to wait 44 years for its second individual Olympic medal till tennis player Leander Paes bagged a bronze in the Atlanta Olympics in 1996.The villagers are sour that their Olympic hero was not considered for any government honours, including the Padma awards, and was doing nothing to fulfil its commitment of setting up the academy.Meanwhile, embarrassed by the auction plans, a government official has reportedly assured the family that he would personally speak with Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on this issue and arrange a meeting with the villagers this week to resolve the matter.\r\nA 22-year-old engineering student allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the terrace of the 11-storey Uniworld City building in Gurugram on Friday evening. Police officials said they did not find a suicide note and added that his body was handed over to his family after post-mortem. Reports suggested that the victim suffered from depression.\r\n A 22-year-old engineering student allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the 11th floor of Uniworld City building in Sector 30 at 5.10pm on Friday.The student, identified as Manuj Mehta, used to live with his parents on the third floor of the upscale society and was in the third semester of his engineering course at Northcap University, formerly known as ITM University, in Sector 23A.According to neighbours, Manuj suffered from depression and seemed disturbed for the last few days. However, the reason for his condition is not known yet. Police said he did not leave behind any suicide note.On Friday evening, the society?s guard heard a loud sound and rushed to the spot, where he found the body lying on the ground. He raised the alarm and others too reached to the spot.An officer from the Uniworld City administration said the guard informed their office. ?We called his parents and also informed the police regarding the incident. Everyone was scared and his mother was in a state of shock. It is a critical time for the family,? said a member of the administrative staff.Police said they rushed the victim to the hospital, where he was declared brought dead. His body was handed over to his kin at 11:30am on Saturday after a post-mortem examination, police added.Manuj lived in the society with his mother and stepfather, said a member of the society?s office.Read I Actor suicide in Gurgaon: Bidisha?s husband produced in court, taken on police remand for a dayDeputy commissioner of police (DCP) east, Deepak Saharan, said the incident is being probed from all angles. ?We have asked the victim?s biological father to join the investigation. It will help us get more information,? he said.According to the police, the investigation is being carried out under Section 174 of the Indian Penal Code.?We are investigating the matter and will also get more inputs from his mother and father. As per the initial investigation, it seems like a suicide,? said sub-inspector Narender Kumar of Sector 40 police station.\r\nDelhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport has become a transit point for drug trade with over 19 arrests at the airport so far this year, officials said. This was reportedly double the corresponding number last year. Narcotics Control Bureau's records show that 15 people were arrested for smuggling drugs this year in July, as compared to only two in July 2016.\r\nDelhi's Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport - the busiest in the country - is not only the top choice for travellers but also for drug smugglers. According to officials, Delhi airport has become the transit point of drug trade as more than 19 people have been arrested from here till date, which is almost double from last year's corresponding period.Officials claim it is an indicator that the drug market is flourishing in the city and that there are good incentives given by the drug mafia which pulls so many into this risky business.Narcotics Control Bureau's (NCB) records show that 15 people were arrested in eight cases for smuggling 18.05kg of cocaine till July this year while in 2016, only two cases were registered and 215 grams of the drug was seized. Similarly, NCB officials seized 14.44kg of methaqualone and arrested three people till July while in previous year, a total of 17 kg of narcotic substance was recovered and three were arrested.Despite constant vigil and action against drug traffickers by multiple agencies such as Customs, NCD, DRI, Immigration, CISF and the Delhi Police, the number of seizures in the city have only grown. In most of these cases, foreign nationals were involved but a recent case has left security agencies puzzled as Customs officials seized nearly 2kg of a morphine mixture from a food trolley while it was being wheeled out of an Air India flight. Officials suspect an inside job behind it but the incident exposed deeprooted nexus of drug smugglers with airport staff and officials. No arrest has been made yet. However, investigators are trying to find how the drug reached inside the plane despite having several security checks.DELHI IS THE BIGGEST CONSUMER OF DRUGS"Delhi itself is one of the biggest consumers of drugs. Its proximity with NCR towns such as Gurugram, Noida, Faridabad, where rave parties are common, also attract drug peddlers," said a senior security official at IGI on the condition of anonymity. He added the inflow of the drug is huge because there is a big market in the city that targets youth and students. Security agencies claim that smugglers are using innovative modus operandi and new travel routes to smuggle drugs inside the country."Heroin is mainly smuggled into India from Pakistan. Once it reaches Delhi, it is supplied to local dealers who channel it to rave parties and individuals. Besides, the popular party drug is also shipped to European and American countries concealed in small parcels via air," a senior NCB official said."Drug couriers are largely intercepted and detected at international airports. Delhi is the most connected airport from foreign countries and as it is connected with several bordering states, it further makes it easy for local peddlers to transport drugs in other parts of the country," a senior narcotics official said.Drugs are mainly concealed in false cavities of books, paintings, machinery parts and toys, among others. There are also professional 'swallowers' or mules who are hired and paid handsomely for cocaine trafficking by swallowing small capsules or packets of drugs or hiding them inside their private parts, the officer said. As the criminals are getting smarter, agencies are adopting various steps, including strict surveillance, enforcement at export or import points of the airport and training of drug law enforcement agencies to keep a check on new modus operandi.\r\nPassengers are making their toddlers drag suitcases onboard to avoid paying the fee for checked-in baggage, Ryanair Chief Financial Officer Neil Sorahan said. Irish airline Ryanair charges extra for checked-in baggage, and travellers reportedly avoid this fee by carrying extra cabin luggage. Sorahan said, "I've seen two-year-olds wheeling a bag up to the plane as people try to take advantage."\r\nCash-strapped holidaymakers are making their toddlers drag suitcases onboard planes to escape baggage fees, according to Ryanair bosses.Fewer passengers than ever are checking bags into the aircraft hold. Instead, travellers are avoiding charges by bringing more and more luggage into the cabin.Ryanair?s chief financial officer, Neil Sorahan, said the airline could review its second bag allowance, introduced in late 2013, as passengers were starting to ?take the piss?.He said: ?I?ve seen two-year-olds wheeling a bag up to the plane as people try to take advantage.? Fewer than one passenger in six now pays to check in luggage on Ryanair. Fares have been driven down as airlines compete to fill their planes; Ryanair is forecasting a further 7% fall in the next 12 months following a 13% drop in average fares from 2016 to 2017. But it can cost more to check in a bag than purchase a seat, with prices typically up to \xa390 extra for a 20kg suitcase on a return short-haul summer flight. A two-year-old is entitled, like adults, to bring a 10kg suitcase and a second small bag for free. A one-year-old?s cabin allowance can also account for up to 5kg of the family?s total packing, according to a Ryanair spokesman. The airline admitted its takings were falling as passengers looked to squeeze ever more into the cabin, although it made a healthy ?443m (\xa3396m) profit in the last three months. Sorahan said: ?We?re very generous with our cabin baggage allowance; a 10kg case and a second small carry-on. If everyone does that there?s no issue. It?s the people coming with the kitchen sink that could change the policy.?Asked by a reporter if passengers were ?taking the piss?, Sorahan said: ?Some are... The vast majority of people play by the rules but some don?t. Unfortunately some bring massive backpacks and things that don?t fit under the seat. We?ve been a little bit lax or nice ? we are victims of our own niceness.?Ryanair passengers who do arrive with oversized bags risk being told to put them in the hold and charged an extra \xa350 at the airport.\r\nDuring his last address to the nation, outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said that the Parliament was his temple, and the service of the people of India was his passion. "How successful I was in discharging my responsibilities will be judged, over time, by the critical lens of history," he added.\r\nPranab Mukherjee is addressing the nation on his last day as the President.In his farewell speech on Sunday, Mukherjee hailed India?s democracy and Parliament in particular, and urged lawmakers to ?debate, discuss and dissent?.Mukherjee, the 13th President of India, will leave the Rashtrapati Bhawan on Tuesday when his successor Ram Nath Kovind is sworn in.Mukherjee expressed concern over the declining amount of time spent in lawmaking, saying Parliament should adequately scrutinise and debate laws before they are enacted.In addition to disruptions, the President spoke out about Ordinances in particular, calling it a tool that ?should be used only in compelling circumstances?.Follow Live updates of the President?s speech here:*?When I speak to you tomorrow, it will be as a citizen? a pilgrim like all of you in India?s onward march towards glory.We extended our experience to a few villages in the neighbourhood #PresidentMukherjee? President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) July 24, 2017*?During my five years in Rashtrapati Bhavan, we tried to build a humane and happy township*?Social inclusion would ensure access to the fruits of progress to all.Eradication of poverty would provide a strong boost to happiness #PresidentMukherjee? President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) July 24, 2017*?We must empower the poorest of the poor and ensure that the fruits of our policies reach the last person in the line.*?For us, creation of an inclusive society has to be an article of faith.*?Creative thinking, innovation and scientific temper have to be promoted in our institutions of higher learning.*?Our universities should not be a place for rote-memorizing but an assembly of inquisitive minds.A reordering of society is possible through the transformative power of education #PresidentMukherjee? President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) July 24, 2017*?As I had said on assuming Office of the President, education is the alchemy that can take India to its next golden age.*?Power of non-violence has to be resurrected to build a compassionate and caring society.*?Only a non-violent society can ensure the participation of all sections of the people in the democratic process.*?We must free our public discourse from all forms of violence, physical as well as verbal.*?The capacity for compassion and empathy is the true foundation of our civilization.*?Otherwise, a fundamental character of our thought process will wither away.*?But we cannot deny the essential prevalence of multiplicity of opinion.* There are divergent strands in public discourse; we may argue, we may agree or we may not agree.*?We derive our strength from tolerance; it has been part of our collective consciousness for centuries.The multiplicity in culture, faith and language is what makes India special #PresidentMukherjee? President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) July 24, 2017*?Plurality of our society has come about through assimilation of ideas over centuries.*?My temple has been the Parliament of India and my passion has been the service of the people of India.*?For the past fifty years of my public life my sacred text has been the Constitution of India.*?Each day of these five years, I was conscious of my responsibility. How successful I was in discharging my responsibilities will be judged, over time, by the critical lens of history.5 years ago, when I took the oath of office of President, I promised to preserve, protect & defend our Constitution #PresidentMukherjee? President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) July 24, 2017*?For development to be real, the poorest of the land must feel that they are a part of the nation?s narrative.*?I have received much more from the country than I have given; for that, I will remain ever indebted to people of India.*?I am overwhelmed by a deep sense of gratitude for the people of India for the trust & confidence they reposed in me.\r\nThe government has sent 304 declassified files related to Subhas Chandra Bose to the National Archives of India, Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma said during Lok Sabha's Monsoon Session. Out of these, 303 files have already been uploaded online for public viewing, he added. The government had earlier released 100 files related to Netaji in January 2016.\r\nThe National Archives of India has received 304 declassified records or files related to Subhas Chandra Bose, the government informed Parliament on Monday.The records were received from four departments of the government, Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma said in a written reply to a question in the Lok Sabha about records pertaining to Bose and the Azad Hind Fauj received by the Archives.The Prime Minister?s Office had sent over 58 files, the Ministry of External Affairs sent 200 such files, the Ministry of Home Affairs sent 37 and the cabinet secretariat sent nine, he said.He, however, did not say when the files were sent.Sharma said out of the 304 files, 303 had already been uploaded on the webportal www.netajipaper.gov.in.In 1997, the National Archives of India had received 990 declassified files pertaining to the Indian National Army (Azad Hind Fauj) from the defence ministry, Sharma said.In 2012, 271 files and items pertaining to the Khosla Commission and 759 items from the Justice Mukherjee Commission of inquiry from the home ministry were sent to the National Archives, he said. The commissions dealt with Bose?s disappearance.?All these files or items are already open to the public under the Public Records Rules, 1997,? Sharma said.People view an exhibit after Prime Minister Narendra Modi released the digital copies of 100 declassified files related to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose on his 119th birth anniversary, at the National Archives of India (NAI) in New Delhi, India, on  January 23, 2016.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Sonu Mehta/ Hindustan Times)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tPrime Minister Narendra Modi, in his meeting with members of Bose?s family at his residence in New Delhi on October 14, 2015, had announced that the government would declassify files relating to the freedom fighter in a phased manner, and make them accessible to the public.The government declassified the first set of 100 files in January last year. \r\nA major fire broke out on Monday in Delhi's Lok Nayak Bhawan complex, which houses several government offices including those of the CBI and Income-Tax Department. Around 25 fire engines were rushed into service at the complex. The fire was allegedly sparked by a short circuit in an air-conditioning unit on the fourth floor of the building. \r\nA fire today caused scare in Delhi's Lok Nayak Bhawan complex which houses many government offices.28 fire tenders were rushed to the building located in Khan Market area where the blaze was reported from the fourth floor.Since the incident happened during peak office hours, several people were trapped inside their offices and later on rescued. After few hours, the flames were brought under control. No casualties were however reported.Efforts to douse fire at Delhi's Lok Nayak Bhawan still underway; all people rescued safely. pic.twitter.com/nMw2ENIAD5Lok Nayak Bhawan houses offices of Enforcement Directorate, Central Bureau of Investigation, Income-Tax department, etc.\xa0#WATCH: Fire fighting ops underway at Delhi's Lok Nayak Bhawan. pic.twitter.com/wnHXBbX3tf\xa0ALSO WATCH: Delhi: Fire breaks out in Lok Nayak Bhawan office complex, 25 fire tenders rushed\r\nAfter being slammed for her tweet wherein she described the morning Azaan played on loudspeakers as "extreme imposed religiosity", singer Suchitra Krishnamoorthi said that after Sonu Nigam's tweet, the azaan in her area has become louder. "It's almost like retaliation," added Suchitra. She further said that bhajans in a temple or church bells playing loudly aren't right either. \r\nSonu Nigam?s tweets on early morning azaan had escalated into social media war in April this year. And now, singer Suchitra Krishnamoorthi is being mocked after posting a series of tweets on Sunday, calling azaan at 5 am ?not civilised?. Not one to back down, the singer has said that she is ready to meet people to thrash out this issue, if necessary. She also tells us, ?Just because somebody is threatening you or they don?t like what you?re saying, it doesn?t mean you stop saying what you think is right. I feel [that] after Sonu?s tweet, the azaan in my area has become louder. It?s almost like retaliation.?On Sunday, Suchitra wrote: ?Came home at 4.45am 2 most aggressive / ear shattering call of azaan. Nothing more lowlife & dumb than such extreme imposed religiosity.? Reaction to this has spanned the entire gamut of threats to sexism. Suchitra?s tweets got comments that read: ?Don?t invite troubles ma?am...Sonu Nigam ji had to quit Twitter because of same observation.? ?Ma?am itne acche baal hai aapke, kyu mundwana hai aapko??, ?How dare a woman come home at 4.45 am. Why do good girls come home so late??Speaking to Hindustan Times, Suchitra says how she has tried to tackle the issue of early morning azaan before and been stonewalled. ?I first wrote about this [azaan issue] in 2009 and tried to initiate a dialogue with my then MLA and I was asked to just completely back off. They told me, ?You are a lady, you are alone, don?t take panga.??came home at 4.45 am 2 most aggressive/ ear shattering call of azaan. Nothing more lowlife & dumb than such extreme imposed religiousity? Suchitra (@suchitrak) July 23, 2017well the azaan seems to have gotten louder since his tweet. Its ridiculous. He tweeted from same location as me https://t.co/ZRl06bEewu? Suchitra (@suchitrak) July 23, 2017Sonu Nigam, too, had received a lot of flak after he tweeted against ?forced religiousness? and azaan being played at wee hours. Suchitra feels that each time such a concern is raised, it goes into bizarre spaces. ?What?s this constant threat and character assassination? This is a serious matter, worrying a lot of people. It needs to be addressed and resolved,? she says.The 41-year-old points at the law, which states that loudspeakers can?t be played between certain hours. ?Then how do these people flout [the rule] 365 days a year? The law applies to everybody. I?m not saying that bhajans in a temple or church bells are right either. Any imposition of extreme religiosity against another person?s will is dumb and incorrect.?i wake up at Brahmamuhurt of my own accord & do my prayers & riyaz.& yoga. I dont need public loudspeakers to remind me of my God or my duty https://t.co/7rPSzG1EfB? Suchitra (@suchitrak) July 23, 2017nobody objects to azaan or prayers during decent hours. But to be wakung up entire neighbourhood at 5 am is not civilized https://t.co/PBT94NtuGN? Suchitra (@suchitrak) July 23, 2017But what about those whose religious sentiments get hurt through such tweets? ?Why is everything about the Muslim community always so touchy? Why is everything a threat? Nobody is targeting them. This sense of minority persecution has to go and a dialogue has to be initiated where things can work for the whole community,? Suchitra retorts.A piece i wrote way back in 2009 on the #azaan https://t.co/OZa60IW9Wf? Suchitra (@suchitrak) July 23, 2017Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nMaharashtra's Barvi dam, which provides water to most cities in Thane district, has been filled up to 99% of its total capacity due to heavy rainfall. Officials said that water stock from the dam will ensure that only nominal water cuts happen next year. Notably, the height of the dam was increased in 2016 to accommodate more water stock. \r\nWith the suburbs receiving sufficient rainfall over the past few days, the residents? water worries are likely to be taken care of.Thane residents will be saved from intense water cuts next summer, as \xa0Barvi\xa0dam that provides water to most cities in the district has now filled up to 99% of its total capacity ? 230.32\xa0million cubic meters . The height of the\xa0dam\xa0was increased by the irrigation department last year, owing to which the water stock is much more now.Last week, the dams providing water to Mumbai had overflown but the ones in Thane district were yet to reach their capacity. The\xa0Barvi\xa0and Andra\xa0dams\xa0are the two major sources of water supply in Thane district. Andra  filled upto 63.64%. The irrigation department said that the water level at Barvi was the highest till the month of July in the past five years.An officer said, ?The\xa0Barvi\xa0dam\xa0usually fills by the end of October, however, last year it filled by the end of August. This year, the\xa0dam\xa0is almost full in July and we still have over 45 days of monsoon left. Water is now flowing from the spillway. The water stock will ensure that only nominal water cuts of 5 to 10% will be imposed in the summer, which will not hurt residents.?The water stock in\xa0Barvi\xa0dam\xa0was only 115.04 mcm. The average water stock in Barvi for the last five years is 85.19 mcm, which is much lower than the stock this year. The catchment area has received 1,638mm rainfall. Water from\xa0Barvi dam\xa0flows in the Ulhas River, from where it is supplied to Thane, Kalyan-Dombivli, Ulhasnagar, Mira Bhayander, Bhiwandi and Navi Mumbai.\r\nThe Jammu and Kashmir Police on Monday said it had arrested 20 people accused in the lynching of DSP Mohammad Ayub Pandith outside a mosque over a month ago. The police added that one accused was killed in an encounter with security forces earlier this month. Reportedly, the police have also recovered an iron rod used to hit Pandith.\r\nNo one knew who Jammu and Kashmir police officer Mohammad Ayub Pandith was on the night he was stripped and lynched in Srinagar last month and his identity became clear only the next morning, the Valley?s top police officer said on Monday.Inspector general of police (Kashmir range) Muneer Khan told reporters that 20 people were arrested for the crime on June 23, when thousands had gathered for night-long congregational prayers on Islam?s holiest night of Shab-e-Qadr. The lynching was widely condemned across ideological leanings in the Valley and across the country.Describing the events of the night, Khan said 57-year-old Pandith, who was in plainclothes, was confronted by four men coming out of Jamia Masjid allegedly shouting slogans in support of Zakir Musa, a top militant who has called for Islamic rule in Kashmir. The men allegedly were at the mosque to welcome separatist leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq.?Four of the miscreants saw the deputy SP checking the deployment -- he was on duty for access control. Then these four guys called him and started questioning him and asked for his I-card and he refused to give it. That is how the thing started. They started heckling, the number of miscreants swelled and rest is history,? Khan said.Ayub Pandith was killed by a mob outside a mosque in Srinagar.Khan also ruled out any possibility of dereliction of duty by the police in the case and said apart from the darkness and the noise, no one knew of Pandith?s identity.?The deputy SP was there to ensure the safety and security of all devotees who had come to pray at Jamia Masjid on Shab-e-Qadr night, including the Mirwaiz,? he said. ?The body was defaced and disfigured, and his clothes were torn.? Khan also praised the cooperation of common people in the investigation.Khan said one of the accused was Sajad Gilkar, who went underground after the incident and was killed in an encounter with security forces in Budgam on July 12. Prior to the lynching, Gilkar was, according to the police, booked under the stringent Public Safety Act (PSA) thrice and wanted in stone-pelting and stabbing cases. The officer said the investigation would be completed within stipulated time. ?The investigation of the case is going on in absolutely right manner, expeditiously and effectively. Some more arrests are expected and some more evidence is to be collected.? Khan added that the police initially arrested three suspects and their questioning led to further arrests and the recovery of crucial pieces of evidence such as the iron rod allegedly used to hit Pandith, his pistol - from which he had fired in self-defence after being heckled by the mob - as well as his cell phone that was taken away by the attackers.The three men, who were injured below the waist after Pandith fired in self-defence, have also been arrested as they allegedly were the ones who initially started heckling the police official, Khan said.\r\nPunjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh's mother Mohinder Kaur passed away aged 94 on Monday at her residence in Patiala after a prolonged illness. She was the last designated queen of the estate ruled by the Phulkian dynasty. Her last rites will be conducted on Tuesday morning, according to reports.\r\nMohinder Kaur, matriarch of the erstwhile Patiala royalty and mother of Punjab chief minister Capt Amarinder?Singh, passed away after prolonged illness at her Moti Mahal residence in Patiala on Monday evening. The cremation would be held at Shahi Samadhan, the royal crematorium, on Tuesday. Designated by tradition as ?Rajmata?, the royal mother, she was the last anointed queen of the princely state ruled by the Phulkian dynasty. She also remained a member of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.This photo from January 2012 shows Capt Amarinder Singh (right) with his mother, Mohinder Kaur, going to cast their votes in the assembly elections in Patiala.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Bharat Bhushan/HT File)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tTwo months short of 95, she had been keeping unwell for some time. She breathed her last at 7.24 pm, as a result of multiple system failure triggered by a natural weakening due to old age, according to an official spokesperson. Former Union minister and Amarinder?s wife Preneet Kaur was with her. Amarinder rushed to Patiala, hence the cabinet meeting and other programmes scheduled for Tuesday stand cancelled.She is survived by two sons and two daughters. Malwinder Singh is her younger son; elder daughter Heminder Kaur is married to former foreign minister Natwar Singh, while the younger daughter is Rupinder Kaur.She was seen as the force behind Amarinder?s foray into politics. After the demise of husband Maharaja Yadavindra Singh, she established the clout of the Patiala family even after titles and privy purses were abolished, at a time when other royal families struggled.She was born in Ludhiana to Harchand Singh Jaijee, a nobleman and member of the Patiala Riyasat Praja Mandal  (Patiala State Peoples? Forum, an affiliate of the Indian National Congress). She got married at the age of 16.Several dignitaries from across the country mourned the death of the royal matriarch. All India Congress Committee (AICC) president Sonia Gandhi, vice-president Rahul Gandhi and other senior leaders of the party called up the CM to express their condolences.Governor VP Singh Bhadnore, assembly speaker Rana KP Singh, deputy speaker Ajaib Singh Bhatti and the ministers also expressed grief. Punjab State IAS Officers? Association and Punjab Civil Services Officers? Association also condoled the death.Last journeyHeavy police force was deployed to control traffic and the public in Patiala ahead of Mhinder Kaur?s funeral procession on Tuesday. ?We are expecting turnout of several thousands,? said a police officer.Her body will be taken on a specially decorated vehicle that will start from New Moti Bagh Palace, reach Fountain Chowk, move to Mall Road, Shera Walan Gate, Dharampura Bazaar and other areas, for people to pay homage before the cremation at Shahi Samadhan.A spokesperson said the funeral procession would start from the palace at 12.45 pm. The cremation is scheduled for 2.15pm\r\nThe South Delhi Municipal Corporation has proposed the construction of a six-storey multilevel parking which can hold at least 180 cars at Defence Colony market to solve the issue of insufficient parking space. The parking, which will reportedly cost around ?13.5 crore, was proposed as a part of the civic bodies' market development project focusing on 70 South Delhi markets.\r\nA six-storey multilevel parking lot will soon come to the rescue of residents and shoppers at Defence Colony market. The South Delhi Municipal Corporation has proposed the building of the parking lot within a year in Defence Colony to ease parking woes in the area. The parking, which will be able to accommodate at least 180 cars, will come up as part of the civic body?s project of market development in areas under its jurisdiction.Officials said that the south civic body wants to spruce up as many as 70 markets in south Delhi under the project. ?Defence Colony will be the first model market of the project and will have all prominent features to attract more footfall,? said a SDMC official.During the visit of Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal to the market on Saturday, SDMC commissioner Puneet Goel shared the design for the project that is proposed to be constructed on land measuring 914 sqmt. The estimated cost of the project is likely to be around Rs 13.5 crore.?Defence Colony is a hub for restaurants and is visited by tourists in large number. Though there is a surface parking facility in the area, it is insufficient to meet the demands. For the convenience of all, we have proposed to construct a fully automated multi-level parking lot there,? said Goel.Other markets, which will be developed by the corporation include Greater Kailash I and II, Aurobindo Market, Rajouri Garden main market, Green Park market, Hauz Khas, Dwarka, CR Park and Alaknanda .At the selected markets, the civic agency will ensure features such as uniform hoarding/signage (in co-ordination with shopkeers), water ATMs, toilets (especially for women), organised parking lots, stretching of dangling electricity wires, street furniture such as benches, dustbins, beautification of green patches/parks, fancy lights and disable friendly pedestrian ramps, among other things.The deputy commissioners of four zones in South Delhi Municipal Corporation have been asked to prepare list of the other markets which receive heavy footfall and have scope for doing development works. At Defence Colony, shopkeepers have already been told to install signages of uniform sizes in one month?s time. ?Though as per the Delhi Municipal Act, installing signages of uniform signages outside shops is mandatory, but people don?t follow it,? said a senior SDMC official.Last year, SDMC had started a project of giving uniform look to eight markets across south Delhi by providing disabled friendly ramps, modern infrastructure, LED lights and car-free zones. The markets chosen for revamp were New Friends Colony Community Centre, Green Park B-6 block market, Greater Kailash-1?s M-Block market, H-block Sarita Vihar, Hauz Khas Market, Saket J-block market, Punjabi Bagh Central Market and Vikaspuri?s PVR Shopping Complex.\r\nThe New Delhi Municipal Corporation has announced that Gole Market near Connaught Place will be transformed into a museum to house materials of cultural and historical importance related to Delhi. The museum will reportedly have four components including a photo exhibition, documentaries, freedom movement, and paintings and sculpture. The project is expected to be completed by September 2018. \r\nDelhi?s iconic Gole Market near Connaught Place could soon be turned into a museum to house materials of cultural and historical importance ? all related to Delhi. ?We have decided to convert the heritage building of Gole Market into a New Delhi museum. The restoration project and setting up of the museum is likely to be completed by the September, 2018,? said Naresh Kumar chairperson of New Delhi Municipal Council. The building?s facade as per the NDMC?s plan. The museum would have four components ? photo exhibition, documentary films, freedom movement and paintings and sculpture.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(NDMC)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tBesides photographs and other display material such as paintings, statues and literature based on the socio-economic, cultural and political aspects and conditions of pre- and post-independent period of the country, the contribution and sacrifice of freedom fighters would be also depicted in the museum. ?The museum would have four components ? photo exhibition, documentary films, freedom movement and paintings and sculpture. We are in touch with some organisations, government departments and individuals o procure rare items,? an NDMC official said.Rare photos like the ones from the Delhi Durbar of 1911, in which the decision to shift the country?s capital to Delhi was announced and photos depicting construction work of Lutyens? Delhi would be displayed in the photo exhibition gallery.There will be a documentary film section, which would act like a mini-amphitheatre where citizens would be able to see some documentary films and news reels related to Delhi.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(NDMC)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?We are in touch with some organisations such as Mahatta & Co in Connaught Place which has some rare collections. Besides this, efforts are on to procure old and rare photos from the archives of the ministry of information and broadcasting. Some old time photographers also have a good collection which would like to display,? said the official. The documentary film section would act like a mini-amphitheatre where citizens would be able to see some documentary films and news reels related to Delhi both from the pre and post independence era.The third section on freedom movement would tell stories of India?s struggle to freedom and the various incidents that took place in Delhi and the freedom fighters such the Hardinge Bomb Case of 1912. A section will show works of India?s eminent painters and sculptors. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(NDMC)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe last section would include the artwork of India?s eminent painters and sculptors depicting the cultural and socio-economic aspects of Delhi of both pre and post independence era. The revitalization plan also involves architectural restoration of historic edifice, creation of a central food court, provision of toilets, drinking water, and fountains in the courtyard,? the official said. ?The museum will provide an opportunity for free discussion and dialogue. It would help to sensitize teachers, adults, youth and woman organizations through interacting discussions on the government programmes and activities for the promotion and better understanding of its heritage and its agenda for national growth and development and general emancipation,? he added. Built in 1921 at Point Y, as a subsidiary market to the prime business centre of Connaught Place, this market was designed to serve the needs of the residential population, primarily centred around grain, milk, vegetable and general market.This is however not for the first time that renovation plans for the Gole Market is being planned. Several shopkeepers had to be shifted after the redevelopment plan was conceived in 2006. It led to a long drawn legal battle between the NDMC and local traders until the Supreme Court passed an order in NDMC?s favour in 2013. The structure was declared unsafe in 2007. ?They have been saying this for the past several years. They were supposed to complete the renovation before the Common Wealth Games. It was only because of this renovation that all the shopkeepers had to shift. Some of the shop keepers were doing business since the 1940s,? said Ravi Kant Jain, officiating secretary of the Gole Market Traders Association. ?The purpose of conservation of this building is not to freeze its current status but to adopt it to a modern use of modern facilities sensitively,? said Kumar. \r\nA prolonged drought in Italy may lead to water rationing as the country faces its driest spring in 60 years, reports said. Water supply shutdowns could last as long as eight hours daily as some parts of the country received rainfall totalling 80% below normal, officials said. The drought could reportedly lead to Rome's famed fountains being turned off. \r\nScarce rain and chronically leaky aqueducts have combined to put Romans at risk of drastic water rationing as soon as this week.Sky TG24 TV meteorologists noted on Sunday that Italy had experienced one of its driest springs in some 60 years and that some parts of the country had seen rainfall totals 80% below normal. Among the hardest-hit regions was Sardinia, which is seeking natural disaster status.Farmers? lobby Coldiretti last week estimated ?2bn ($2.3bn) worth of damage had been done to Italian agriculture so far. Dairy farmers are lamenting drops in milk production. Among those suffering are farmers growing canning tomatoes in the southeastern region of Puglia, wine grapes throughout much of Italy and those cultivating olives ? all signature crops for the nation.Another afflicted area was the province in Parma, an area in north-central Italy renowned for Parmigiano Reggiano cheese and prized prosciutto.Rome?s water supply worries have turned political. Last week, the governor of Lazio region, which includes the Italian capital, ordered that no more water be drawn from Lake Bracciano, which supplies some of the Italian capital, because the drastically decreasing water level posed danger to the aquatic life of the lake.The lake, 40km from Rome, used to be used only for backup water supply but recent years have seen it being tapped on a regular basis.Rome water company ACEA warned that without the lake, drastic rationing loomed. Italian media said staggered water supply shutdowns could last as long as eight hours daily in alternating neighbourhoods and start as soon as Wednesday. Rome?s famed fountains risk being turned off.The move put populist 5-Star Movement Mayor Virginia Raggi under pressure, since the city of Rome is a major shareholder in Acea. Michele Meta, a Democratic party lawmaker from Rome, demanded to know why Acea ?doesn?t have other solutions besides rationing and staggering the capital?s water? supply?Rome had 26 rainy days in this year?s first six months, compared to 88 in the first half of 2016, with precipitation totals in those same periods more than four times higher last year than this year.But water supply pipelines in the Rome area ? famed in ancient Roman times for its aqueducts, segments of which still stand ? are notoriously leaky.La Stampa daily reported on Sunday that water, energy and environment companies lobby Utilitalia analysed companies serving roughly half of Italy?s population and concluded that the water loss rate from inadequate infrastructure, often decades-old, ranged from 26% in the north to 46% in the central and southern parts of the country.\r\nMicrosoft has announced its long-standing basic graphics editing program 'MS Paint' will no longer be available with the next Windows 10 update called the Autumn Creators Update. The program was first released with the very first version of Windows 1.0 in 1985. MS Paint's removal is a part of Microsoft's plan to shut programs that are "not in active development."\r\nMicrosoft?s next Windows 10 update, called the Autumn (or Fall in the US) Creators Update, will bring a variety of new features. But one long-standing stalwart of the Windows experience has been put on the chopping block: Microsoft Paint.First released with the very first version of Windows 1.0 in 1985, Paint in its various guises would be one of the first graphics editors used by many and became a core part of Windows. Starting life as a 1-bit monochrome licensed version of ZSoft?s PC Paintbrush, it wasn?t until Windows 98 that Paint could save in JPEG.With the Windows 10 Creators Update, released in April, Microsoft introduced the new Paint 3D, which is installed alongside traditional Paint and features 3D image making tools as well as some basic 2D image editing. But it is not an update to original Paint and doesn?t behave like it.Now Microsoft has announced that, alongside Outlook Express, Reader app and Reading list, Microsoft Paint has been signalled for death having been added to the ?features that are removed or deprecated in Windows 10 Fall Creators Update? list.Falling under the deprecated column for apps that are ?not in active development and might be removed in future releases?, Microsoft Paint?s ticket has been called and now it?s only a matter of time before it is removed like your favourite piece of old furniture from your childhood home.Paint was never one of the most capable apps, and was limited to the bitmap (BMP) and PCX formats until 1998, but if you wanted to scribble something out using your mouse or make a quick cut and paste job, Paint was always there, even on work computers.The most recent version of Paint for Windows 7 and later was much improved, but still considered feature poor compared to other free alternatives such as the third-party Paint.NET.When Microsoft Paint will officially be removed from Windows has yet to be confirmed, while a precise date for the release of the Windows 10 Autumn Creators Update is equally up in the air. Whether, like Clippy, Windows users will celebrate or decry Paint?s removal, it will be a moment in the history of Windows as one of its longest-standing apps is put out to pasture.\r\nAt least 20 people were killed and 30 others were injured on Monday in a suicide bomb blast in Lahore near the office of Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif's brother and Punjab CM Shehbaz. The attack reportedly targeted police personnel deployed at the site and buildings near the blast site were evacuated. No group has claimed responsibility for the blast yet.\r\nA powerful suicide blast rocked Pakistan's Lahore city in the afternoon today after which at least 28 people, including 8 cops, were killed and over 57 left injured.The incident was reported near the residence-cum-office of Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif on the main Ferozpur road, near Arfa Karim tower in Lahore. The attack which was targeted at policemen left eight of them dead including a sub-inspector, an assistant sub-inspector and 6 constables.Lahore police chief Capt (R) Amin Wains said the "target of blast was police". He also confirmed that it was a suicide blast.Eyewitnesses say that a bomb exploded in a parked motorcycle parked on the pathway at the main Ferozpur road near old vegetable market (sabzi mandi) of Lahore.#LahoreBlast footage. 2 died 19 injured. Initial reports pic.twitter.com/fd72joty5gThe blast spread chaos on the streets as locals started evacuation on the nearby buildings. According to Rescue 1122, at least 20 people including policemen have been killed in the blast.An emergency was declared in city hospitals. The condition of several injures is stated to be critical.The chief minister, who is also the brother of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, was in a meeting at his Model Town office when the blast took place.Citing police sources, Geo News reported that a suicide attacker targeted police personnel deployed at the site. The area has been cordoned off by a heavy contingent of security forces and the section of the road has been sealed.COAS shares grief with victim families of Lhr blast. Directs for immediate rescue and relief efforts. Troops reached at site.No words can express the grief which grips my heart right now. Blast destroyed many families, but terrorists can never destroy our resolve..Our blood was spilt on the street but I swear to my Allah that the blood of our innocent martyrs will write end of these cowardly assassins!No group has claimed responsibility for the attack but in the past such blasts have often been carried out by Pakistani Taliban militants.Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said the majority of those killed and wounded were police and warned the death toll could rise.Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemned the blast in a statement and "directed for extending best possible medical treatment for the injured".(Additional inputs from agencies) \r\nUK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson likened a traditional Maori greeting, hongi, to a head butt while visiting indigenous leaders in New Zealand. He said hongi which involves two people pressing their noses together "might be misinterpreted in a pub in Glasgow". Boris is visiting New Zealand as Britain aims to strengthen ties with it in preparation for Brexit.\r\nThe British foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, joked on his visit to New Zealand on Monday that a traditional M?ori greeting could be misinterpreted as a head butt in other countries.Johnson is visiting the South Pacific nation for two days as Britain looks to strengthen its ties with its former colony amid a broader reshaping of Britain?s global relationships as it prepares to leave the European Union. Topics on the agenda include trade, foreign policy and international security.He visited the South Island tourist town of Kaikoura, which was struck by a magnitude-7.8 earthquake in November that killed two people.Johnson thanked townsfolk for looking after tourists, including 200 Britons, who were stranded in the town after the quake and for teaching him a M?ori greeting called a hongi, in which people press noses together.?I think it?s a beautiful form of introduction, though it might be misinterpreted in a pub in Glasgow,? Johnson joked, in a reference to a head butt.Pleasure to show Boris Johnson around Kaikoura this morning. He thanked the community for looking after British tourists after the quake. pic.twitter.com/KWthaApDOgJohnson said it was his first visit to New Zealand.?This is the most mind-blowingly, mind-numbingly beautiful country that I have ever seen,? he said of New Zealand, adding it was the only landscape he thinks could do justice to the imagination of J.R.R. Tolkien, author of ?he Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit, which were filmed in New Zealand.Johnson was described by the New Zealand media as the eccentric ?flamboyant, blonde tousled-haired former mayor of London?. Johnson is due to travel to Australia on Tuesday.Associated Press contributed to this report\r\nA journalist has requested the Supreme Court to direct the government to let Sri Tirumala Tirupati Venkateswara temple exchange ?8.29 crore of banned notes donated by devotees. The man, in his petition said, non-acceptance of the devotees' offerings was discriminatory and meant that their wishes will remain 'unfulfilled'. This is the world's second richest temple with assets worth ?50,000 crore.\r\nA man from Andhra Pradesh requested the Supreme Court last week to direct the government and the federal bank to let Sri Tirumala Tirupati Venkateshwara temple exchange Rs 8.29 crore of banned banknotes donated by devotees.Visited by millions, the shrine dedicated to god Venkateshwara in Tirupati is the world?s second richest with assets worth Rs 50,000 crore and an annual income of around Rs 650 crore.It has several crores of old Rs 500- and 1,000-rupee banknotes stashed in collection boxes for donations. These have become defunct after the government recalled the two high-value notes and temple authorities missed last year?s December 30 deadline to get them exchanged.VV Ramanmurthy, a journalist, said in his petition that non-acceptance of the devotees? offering to the temple was not only discriminatory but also meant their wishes will remain unfulfilled.?That the pilgrims and devotees offerings made to Lord Venkateshwara Swami was not accepted/redeemed by Reserve Bank of India, due to which about Rs 8.29 crore consisting of old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes were packed and kept in boxes with Tirumala Tirupati Devastanam,? read the petition that advocate Shravan Kumar filed on his behalf.The Tirupati board runs a string of temples in cities and towns such as New Delhi, Rishikesh, Guwahati, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad and Kanyakumari.The petitioner said collections at temples in Chennai and Hyderabad are deposited in banks once a week, but it is done once in six months in the other places.Ramanmurthy contended that not accepting public money for charity and services infringes the devotees? fundamental right to practice their religion.He said the board will be unable to utilise the money for its services. Besides, possession of demonetised money is a criminal offence.The petition follows the Supreme Court?s directive on July 4 to the government and RBI to come up with a policy to offer a window to people who could not deposit their old notes for legitimate reasons before the December deadline.Another petition with a similar plea was filed by siblings Arushi and Apurv Jain after they found Rs 60 lakh in old notes in lockers of their parents, who died in a road accident nine years ago. They appealed for a window to exchange the money.The two were given access to the locker this March after they became adults. But the succession court in Saket gave them the permission three months after the deadline to deposit defunct notes ended.A bench of Chief Justice JS Khehar and Justice DY Chandrachud on Friday took note of the duo?s plea and asked the finance ministry to file a response within four weeks.The government recalled 500- and 1,000-rupee notes last November, wiping out 86% of the money in circulation in a cash-driven economy.Religious shrines reportedly received a surfeit of donations in old notes after the demonetisation exercise was announced. The Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) that runs most Sikh shrines, including the Golden Temple in Amritsar, had asked its officials not to accept defunct notes after December 30.In Jammu and Kashmir?s Vaishnodevi temple, another popular Hindu pilgrimage site, donations of Rs 1.90 crore in scrapped notes were recorded after the government?s demonetisation decision.\r\nDelhi state consumer panel has directed SBI to refund ?1.29 lakh to a customer for not taking effective steps to block her stolen ATM card in 2006. It also imposed cost of ?1 lakh on SBI for filing a "frivolous" appeal. It's a case of deficient service as the complainant hasn't received a single penny in 11 years, it noted.\r\n The Delhi state consumer panel has directed the State Bank of India to refund Rs 1.29 lakh to a customer for not taking effective steps to block her stolen ATM card in 2006.The state commission also imposed a cost of Rs one lakh on the bank for filing a ?frivolous? appeal before it.The commission, while dismissing the appeal filed by the SBI against the district forum order asking it to return the money, said that the bank ?failed to take effective steps for blocking of the stolen ATM card? which was a clear case of ?deficiency in service?.?It was the bank who failed to take effective steps for blocking of the ATM card. It is thus a clear case of deficiency in service. The incident took place in March 2006 and the complainant has not received a single penny in a span of 11 years,? the judicial member of the state commission N P Kaushik said.It said that instead of making the payment to the complainant, the bank rather filed a ?false and frivolous appeal?.?The same is dismissed with costs of Rs 1,00,000,? the commission said.According to the complaint filed by Okhla resident Rahimunnisa Shahana, on March 13, 2006 her bag containing a new ATM card and an envelop having the pin number were stolen before she could even use it. The bag also contained Rs 5,000 among other things.She went to her SBI branch in Nizamuddin on the same day and met an officer and the branch manager and made a request to block the card, it said.She alleged that when she went to the branch after a fortnight and enquired about her credit balance, she learnt that the entire amount Rs 1,29,060 had been withdrawn through ATM during March 13 to March 21.The plea claims that she made a complaint in writing on March 30, 2006 and filed a complaint with the police as well.The bank had claimed in the district forum that the complainant herself was negligent in carrying the ATM card and the envelope containing the PIN code.It also denied her visit to the bank on March 13, and said that she never met any of its officers on the day the theft took place.However, the district forum had rejected the claims of the bank and asked the bank to return the money. \r\nCentral Board of Excise and Customs has criticised West Bengal's introduction of e-way bill system without waiting for it's launch by the Centre. E-way bill would be rolled out after infrastructure is ready to employ RFID chips and QR codes to ensure speedy movement of goods. Under GST, e-way bill is required to transport goods worth over ?50,000.\r\nKolkata, Jul 23 (PTI) Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC), the nodal national agency for administering customs and GST, was unhappy with West Bengals introduction of e-way bill system without waiting for it being launched by the Centre across the country. "West Bengal is one of the two states in the country which has already introduced e-way bill. We have urged the state to keep the procedure on hold until it is rolled out by the Centre and across the states," a CBEC official told PTI. The e-way bill system is creating problems to the trade for being a process working in isolation, he said. However, the official said, CBEC cannot dictate the state government to withdraw it as it is state subject. \r\nBritish cyclist Chris Froome won his third consecutive and fourth overall Tour de France, finishing the race in 86 hours 20 minutes 55 seconds in Paris on Sunday. The 32-year-old rider, who finished the event with a 54-second lead, has moved within one win of the all-time record. The 3,540-km 23-day long Grand Tour, featured a total of 198 riders.\r\nThe French capital was in lockdown on Sunday, with extra rings of security around the Champs \xc9lys\xe9es, which had been turned into a vast sterile zone as a foretaste of what awaits the French capital when the Olympics arrive in either 2024 or 2028. In an understandable attempt to put Paris on display as never before, the race was routed through the Grand Palais with the riders racing under the famous glass roof, originally erected in 1897 for the universal exposition of the turn of the century.For Chris Froome it was but a novel diversion en route to confirmation of his fourth Tour de France victory. The Team Sky rider crossed the line in the bunch behind the stage winner, Dylan Groenewegen, to win the yellow jersey by 54 seconds from Rigoberto Ur\xe1n.Bike races have been sent through buildings before ? there is a legendary kermis in Belgium which went through a bar full of drinkers and cyclo-cross races are sometimes sent through beer tents ? but this was about more than merely upping the returns in adjacent brasseries. Coming as it did the day after the start and finish in Marseille?s Stade V\xe9lodrome ? albeit far from full due to the fact that few ticket holders wanted to stay in the stands all day ? the Grand Palais detour was further evidence that the Tour is constantly looking for new ways to reinvent itself, and a reminder that it increasingly sees itself as a way of showing this multifaceted country to the world.Lockdown could serve as a metaphor for the Tour as a whole, given the way the overall battle had panned out since the race left D\xfcsseldorf 22 days ago. In four of the five previous Tours, Team Sky had brought their cycling version of catenaccio to bear on the race, but they had never done so to the extent they managed this year, with the yellow jersey only eluding them for two days once Geraint Thomas had won the opening time trial. For kilometre after kilometre the white train ground out the pace on the front, up hill and down dale, at times lining out the entire race when on paper it was not strictly necessary.As Froome?s fourth win loomed large, it was inevitable that at least one French newspaper ? Le Figaro, as it turned out ? would describe the Tour winner using Antoine Blondin?s sublime pun, ?g\xe9rant de la route? ? a wordplay on the verb g\xe9rer, meaning to manage or regulate, and the hoary French cliche for the Tour riders, les g\xe9ants de la route. An English translation might be accountancy on wheels. Or to paraphrase Geoff Nicholson, hoarding seconds like supermarket discount coupons.Froome himself said that this was his and Team Sky?s chosen approach. ?We knew in D\xfcsseldorf that it would be tight. It was always the tactic to ride this as a three-week race, not to go out on one day to blow it up, smash it for the stage win ? just chipping away every stage to make sure there were no massive losses. That?s normal when on a bad day in the mountains you can lose minutes. It?s been about doing it in the most conservative and efficient manner. That?s what Grand Tour racing is.?Compare and contrast with Dan Martin, who treats the key days like individual one-day classics, but ? before you veer too strongly towards espousing Martin?s philosophy ? bear in mind who actually won.Fourth Tour wins are the penultimate step to cycling greatness, but often do little to warm the soul at the time. This could certainly be said of the three that I can personally recall: Lance Armstrong in 2002 (with the usual proviso that it has been struck off), Miguel Indurain in 1994 and Bernard Hinault in 1982. They seem to be ones for the record books rather than the heart, but they can be turned by an individual?s approach. Hinault, in 1982, faced the same issue that confronted Froome as he approached Paris on Sunday: a Tour without a stage win, and the consequent carps about a lack of panache.The Badger?s response was to win the bunch sprint on the Champs \xc9lys\xe9es, but this is not one from the Froome copybook. Having said that, Froome?s great strength over his four victories is his ability to adapt to whatever the Tour organisers present to him, and whatever fate decrees. 2013 had a wealth of time trialling and an immensely tough finale in the Alps; in 2015 there were cobbles and a team time trial but barely any individual time trials, while in 2016 there was more time trialling and a downhill finale into Morzine, in teeming rain, not to mention the run up Mont Ventoux.He is a champion who has versatility and grit, if not charisma or popularity. His approach to the latter is summed up by his answer to the question of why he felt he did not need to give press conferences on the rest days. ?Rest days are meant to be rest days and a big press conference is not good for recovery. I felt it helped me being able to switch off.? If Froome chooses to pursue a ?marginal gain? by hiding from a 15-minute discussion with the people whose job it is to present his personality to the world, he can hardly complain if his personality is not understood or appreciated for what it is. This is the Team Sky approach of winning at all costs; in this case the cost has to be borne by him.For the neutral there was much unbridled bike racing by individuals of character and panache to be savoured through the 2017 Tour, with the unfortunate proviso that very little of it actually involved the battle for the overall title. Some days will live in the memory: the moyenne montagne stage to Les Rousses won by Lilian Calmejane, Steve Cummings?s attempt to take the stage to Peyragudes, Sunweb?s battle with Quick-Step on the road to Romans-sur-Is\xe8re on behalf of their sprinters Mike Matthews and Marcel Kittel, Alberto Contador?s raging against the dying of the light en route to Foix and Serre-Chevalier, and Edvald Boasson Hagen?s cunning on Friday at Salon-de-Provence.Two stages can be seen as key episodes in the picaresque three-week soap opera: the D\xfcsseldorf time trial, because of the time gained by Froome, and the message it sent about the probable outcome in Marseille three weeks later, and Chamb\xe9ry, with the crash that eliminated Richie Porte ? whose BMC team looked second strongest to Sky ? and which put Daniel Martin physically and temporally on the back foot for the rest of the race.What of the opposition? They fell upon a Froome who was probably not as strong as in the past, but who had the nous, the sangfroid and the team to get him cycling?s greatest prize. ?At the moment we?re not ready to beat Chris Froome. Most teams aren?t,? said Orica-Scott?s director sportive Matt White, who placed a Yates brother in the top 10 and the white jersey of best under-25 for the second year running.?We?ll be coming back with a leader next year to try to beat Chris. Everyone is beatable. The model that Sky run and how they race makes it difficult. I?ve no idea what it?s a sign of but this year in general we haven?t seen him at the level of the past. That level was still good enough to win the Tour de France, and that shows the class of the man.?\r\nThe Pakistani-origin terrorist behind the London Bridge terror attack, Khuram Butt, has reportedly been buried in secret without any rites or mourners after a number of UK cemeteries refused to accept the body. Butt masterminded the June attack in which he drove a van into pedestrians and stabbed people with a knife, killing eight and injuring 48 others.\r\nThe Pakistani-origin terrorist behind the London Bridge terror attack, Khuram Shazad Butt, has been buried in secret after a number of cemeteries in the UK refused to accept the body, a media report said on Sunday.A relative of the 27-year-old drove his body to a graveyard near the family home in East London recently where he was buried without any rites or mourners, the Sunday Mirror reported.?The family are distraught with what he did but he is still their son and brother. His mother is not in a good way health-wise after what has happened so it was decided she should not attend,? the newspaper quoted a source as saying.The family feared any ceremony could be too traumatic and draw negative attention.Butt?s friends and associates were not notified of the burial.Butt was the ringleader of the attack in London Bridge and nearby Borough Market last month.He and two others drove a van into pedestrians before stabbing and slashing revellers enjoying a night out.Seven victims died, dozens were hurt and Butt and the two other terrorists were shot dead.Butt became radicalised after watching hate preachers on YouTube before becoming linked to Al Muhajiroun, the banned extremist group whose leader, Anjem Choudary, is in jail and now moved to an isolation unit. \r\nDonald Trump is the first US President without a pet in the White House in nearly 150 years, in break with a long-held tradition of presidential pet ownership. The last pet-less US leader was Andrew Johnson who was impeached in 1868. US Presidents have owned conventional pets like cats and dogs, and also exotic animals like bears and tigers.n\r\nPolitically ambitious pups and kittens: Put your resumes aside.The job of first pet ? an enviable White House gig with luxurious live-in privileges, after-hours access to the President and guaranteed positive press coverage ? is not currently available.That?s because President Donald Trump is not looking for a fluffy sidekick at the moment. Asked about plans for a four-legged addition to the White House, Stephanie Grisham, a spokesperson for Melania Trump, said in a statement: ?The first family is still getting settled so there are no plans at this time.?If Trump stays pet-free, he will be breaking with a long held tradition of presidential pet ownership.President Franklin Delano Roosevelt?s had his beloved terrier Fala. President George HW Bush?s English springer spaniel Millie was featured on ?The Simpsons.? When President Barack Obama?s family acquired their Portuguese water dog Bo, it was big news.?In the modern-day presidency, almost all of them have had a pet,? said Jennifer Pickens, a White House social expert who wrote ?Pets at the White House.? Still, she noted, ?all didn?t necessarily have them at the beginning of the administration.?Power and pets have long gone hand in hand.Read |?Hardly a dog?s life! Obama?s pets Bo and Sunny have schedules too?For some reason people in power, they end up suffocating different opinions and dominating their staff, but they in some ways long for someone who will speak up to them, and a pet will,? said Doug Wead, a former George HW Bush administration staffer who wrote books on presidential children and the 2016 campaign.Wead noted that political pets can sometimes be used for, well, politics. He recalled an event after Millie had puppies that was ?carefully choreographed so guests could see all these little puppies.?President Bush and first lady Barbara Bush walking with their dog Millie across the South Lawn as they return to the White House. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AP File Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?It was calculated like a state dinner,? he said.While there have been notable pets in the White House for generations, Millie was the first modern White House dog, said Pickens. She added that Barbara Bush was the first one to ?use the pet as a tool to reach out.?The former first lady wrote ?Millie?s Book: As Dictated to Barbara Bush,? which reached the number one spot on the New York Times non-fiction best seller list in the fall of 1990. The newspaper?s description: ?The memoirs of the English springer spaniel who lives in the White House.?Hillary Rodham Clinton in 1998 followed Bush?s lead, with a children?s book about family dog Buddy and cat Socks. ?Dear Socks, Dear Buddy: Kids? Letters to the First Pets? featured photographs of the pets, details on their habits and more than 50 letters from children to the pets.Socks, the cat peers over the podium in the White House briefing room in Washington.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AP File Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tDuring President George W Bush?s administration, when the White House was closed for tours after 9/11, the administration tried to connect with the public through videos. Among them was the ?Barney Cam? series of short videos featuring the Scottish terrier having adventures in the West Wing, with cameos from the first family and White House staff.When he declared victory in the 2008 presidential race, Barack Obama told his daughters: ?You have earned the new puppy that?s coming with us to the White House.? Several months later, Bo joined the family, a gift from the late Sen. Ted Kennedy. Bo quickly became a household name, appearing on morning television shows and in videos promoting the White House Easter egg roll.Some notable pets belonged to first kids, including Amy Carter?s Siamese cat Misty Malarky Ying Yang and Caroline Kennedy?s pony Macaroni. The Kennedy family had a veritable menagerie of pets, complete with dogs, cats, birds, hamsters and a rabbit named Zsa Zsa.Going back in White House history, some presidential pet stories get more outlandish. According to the Presidential Pet Museum website, President Martin Van Buren was given a pair of tiger cubs that he donated to a zoo and President John Quincy Adams was presented an alligator.Obama's pet dogs Bo and Sunny.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Wikipedia)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tWhile Trump has not embraced presidential pet ownership, vice-president Mike Pence has picked up the slack. The Pences have a bunny, Marlon Bundo, and a cat named Pickles. Another cat named Oreo recently died. And they just added two more pets to the household ? puppy Harley and cat Hazel. They also installed a beehive.Pickens said she doesn?t know that it matters if Trump gets a dog, but she said they are ?effective tools to connect with the American people and I think pets help humanise the presidency.?Of course, while pet ownership can provide personal and political perks, it can also go wrong. Former GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney was dogged by criticism for admitting that during a 1983 family vacation, he strapped his Irish setter ? in a pet carrier ? to the roof of his car for a 12-hour drive from Boston to Canada.\r\nKerala Police has arrested a production executive named Kiran Kumar following a complaint filed by Malayalam actress Mythili after he posted her private pictures on social media. Kiran and Mythili were reportedly in a relationship also, which Mythili is said to have ended when she got to know that Kumar was married. He was allegedly blackmailing the actress for ransom.\r\nYet another blackmail bid in the Malayalam film industry has come to light with the arrest of a production executive on Sunday following the complaint of actor Mythili. The Ernakulam North Police arrested Kiran Kumar (38), who hails from Palakkad for posting defamatory photographs of the actor on social media, according to media reports.?Kumar was in a relationship with the actress during 2008. However, she ended the relationship when she came to know he was married,? the reports quoted a police officer as saying.?Subsequently, Kumar used to visit her shooting locations and residence and create scenes. He demanded Rs 75 lakh and threatened if she failed to give the money he will post sensitive photos he took on social media. As she complained about the matter to the police, he did not upload the photos at the time,? the New Indian Express quoted the officer as saying. However things changed after she gained popularity and he decided to upload the said pictures. The actor?s pictures with the man soon went viral on Whatsapp and Facebook. It was then that the actor complained to the police.?The preliminary inquiry suggests a few persons are also involved in propagating the photographs on social networking sites. They will also be arrested,? said Ernakulam assistant commissioner K Laljy. The accused has been booked under sections 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of IPC and 66 (A) of the IT Act, one of the reports said.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActress Shabana Azmi has said that filmmakers should decide if they want to cut scenes in their film and not any board. She added that the Censor Board should only certify films and not censor scenes. "However much you say CBFC?is an autonomous body...people taken on the board...have some kind of affinity with the ruling party," added Shabana.\r\nAmid all the controversy over how much say the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC), informally called Censor Board, should have in the final version of a film, veteran actor Shabana Azmi says that the whole system needs a revamp. She believes that filmmakers, not the CBFC, should decide whether any scenes get the chop or not.Talking to Hindustan Times during the Delhi premiere of her latest film, The Black Prince, Shabana was all for overhauling the current system, in which the CBFC has the power to demand cuts in a film before certifying it. ?It?s so wrong to call the CBFC the Censor Board in the first place. It is here to certify films; censoring any scene is not its prerogative,? says the actor. Her reply comes in the context of being asked if she would ever take charge of the Censor Board, as her industry colleagues Asha Parekh, Sharmila Tagore and Anupam Kher have done. The 66-year-old Shabana, who has always been vocal on the issue of censorship, asserts, ?The fact is that the Cinematograph Act of 1952 needs serious revision, and we have to leave it to the filmmakers to decide whether they are open to any cuts in the film or not.??There was the Justice Mukul Mudgal panel, in which Javed [Akhtar] saab was also a member, and they also suggested many changes. So, we are only waiting for those changes to be implemented.?Referring to the Shyam Benegal Committee, which, in its 2016 report,  recommended fairly drastic changes in how the CBFC works, Shabana adds, ?[The committee] has been saying exactly the same thing: that censorship or [the] certifying system needs to change. Even before this committee, there was the Justice Mukul Mudgal panel, in which Javed [Akhtar] saab was also a member, and they also suggested many changes. So, we are only waiting for those changes to be implemented.?Drawing comparisons with the West, Shabana says that the CBFC needs to adopt the American system for film certification and move away from the current British ideology that is being followed.?However much you say that the CBFC?is an autonomous body, the fact is that those people are taken on the board [who] have some kind of affinity with the ruling party.??The system that we follow here for film certification is a British system, wherein you take about 30-odd people from within society and you literally make them sit on judgment to change the morality of the country every five years, according to the political dispensation of that time. Because, however much you say that it?s an autonomous body, the fact is that those people are taken on the board [who] have some kind of affinity with the ruling party, whether it?s the Congress or the BJP. Now, this is not good for any country?s art,? she says.Shedding light on how the Motion Picture Association of America works, Shabana explains, ?I?ve been saying for a long time now that we should follow the American system, where you have a board of people from within the film industry and they decide... the filmmaker decides that ?I don?t want a single cut in my film, but I recognise that it?s not suitable for children, or not suitable for people of [a] certain age, so I am willing to take an XXX certificate.? Or if a filmmaker says that ?No, I want my film for universal release, so I am open to the suggested cuts.? So [filmmakers] need to have the power to decide, and not any board.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nSnooty, the oldest known manatee in the world, passed away on Sunday, a day after celebrating his 69th birthday. His death appeared to be a "heartbreaking accident" as Snooty died after getting stuck in a maintenance hatch, South Florida Museum CEO Brynne Anne Besio said. "We?re all devastated... staff, volunteers and board members considered him a star," Besio added. \r\nSnooty, the world?s oldest known manatee, died on Sunday at his Florida home, a day after celebrating his 69th birthday.In a statement, South Florida Museum chief executive Brynne Anne Besio said Snooty?s death appeared to be ?a heartbreaking accident? and added that staff were ?devastated?.In a press conference from Bradenton broadcast on Facebook on Sunday afternoon, museum provost and chief operating officer Jeff Rodgers said Snooty died after becoming stuck in a maintenance hatch leading off the tank he shared with three young rescued manatees, Randall, Baca and Gale.?The hatch is big enough for a 1,300lb manatee to get in,? Rodgers said. ?It appears that he was not able to get himself back around to get himself out of the situation.?Asked if Snooty had drowned, Rodgers said the manatee had been taken for a necropsy, the results of which were not yet known. The three young manatees were not injured, he said.The necropsy will be carried out by Snooty?s veterinarian of more than 20 years and the Florida fish and wildlife conservation commission.Besio said: ?We?re all devastated about his passing. We?re reviewing what happened and will be conducting a full investigation. Snooty was such a unique animal and he had so much personality that people couldn?t help but be drawn to him. As you can imagine, I ? and our staff, volunteers and board members ? considered him a star. We all deeply mourn his passing.?Manatees, sometimes known as sea cows, are large aquatic air-breathing herbivores closely related to elephants. Under constant threat from mankind, whether in American waters, the Amazon or west Africa, manatee are classified as an endangered species by state, federal and world bodies. Numbers of wild manatees in Florida have recently increased as a result of protection programmes.Manatees generally live into their teens in the wild, with some reaching their forties or older, museum spokeswoman Jessica Schubick said. Snooty was on record as the oldest manatee in captivity, having spent 68 of his 69 years at the South Florida Museum. He was believed to be the oldest manatee in the world.Rodgers ruled out malicious or foul play in the manatee?s death, although he said the opening of the hatch remained a mystery as it was designed not to let manatees in the tank push through it. A ?Snootycam? trained on the tank was turned off at night, he said, and other security cameras could not see underwater. Snooty was discovered on Sunday morning.?We?ve been greeting people at the front door to share the heartbreaking news,? Rodgers said of a day through which the aquarium remained closed. He added that staff had helped adult visitors break the news to their children ?as they saw fit?.?Aquarium staff is heartbroken,? he said. ?We are working with them as well, with the emotional situation, they?re actively caring for the three rehab manatees today so life goes on for those manatees ? We?re just making sure our manatees and our staff are well cared for.?Snooty was born in captivity in 1948 and came to the South Florida Museum the following year. Since 1979, he has been the mascot of Manatee County. Schubick said staff were ?planning ways for the public, locally and round the world, to share their memories?.?Snooty?s very important to this community,? Rodgers said. ?He?s been with us for 68 years ? generations have grown up with that manatee. The emotional outpouring today? we grieve right along with these folks. We?ve given a lot of hugs on the front porch of the museum today.?A lot of people loved that manatee. We loved him too.?\r\nThe Mumbai police on Saturday arrested a 39-year-old man for allegedly flashing at a woman in Churchgate. The 30-year-old woman raised an alarm when he allegedly overtook and flashed at her. The man was granted bail after he reportedly said that he was only fixing the zip of his trousers. The police said it could be a case of misinterpretation.\r\nThe Marine Drive police on Saturday arrested a man for allegedly flashing a woman in Churchgate. After being produced in the magistrate court, the accused pleaded not guilty and said he was only fixing the zip of his trousers which had come undone. According to the Marine drive police, the 30-year-old woman works as a lecturer. She was leaving from her college in Churchgate and initially felt that someone was following her. However, she did not pay much attention and kept walking. Minutes later, a man overtook her and flashed her. She then raised an alarm and the passers-by rushed to her aid. They caught the man and handed him over to the Marine Drive police. The 39-year-old man works as a waiter in a south Mumbai hotel and is a native of Raigad. A first information report (FIR)?was registered against him under section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the Indian Penal Code. He was produced before a magistrate court and remanded to judicial custody before being granted bail.A police officer said the man could be speaking the truth and it could be case of misinterpretation. \r\nThe Noida authority has reportedly decided to name all lanes in villages under its jurisdiction for identification purposes and for improving civic facilities. The lanes of Jhundpura village will be reportedly named first. Officials said that villages cannot be ignored because "all areas are interconnected" and poor civic amenities in villages affect urban areas too.\r\nThe Noida authority has decided to names all lanes in villages for easy identification of different pockets in each village. Officials said that the move is aimed at improving civic amenities in villages. For kicking off the initiative, the authority has decided to name lanes of Jhundpura village.?We are completing the necessary formalities to start the process of naming lanes in Jhundpura. We have not yet finalised a date for starting the work but it will be soon,? Rakesh Kumar Mishra, an additional chief executive officer of the Noida authority, said.There are 82 villages in Noida. The city is developed on 20,000 hectares acquired from farmers of these villages. These urban villages are located adjacent to upscale residential sectors but are yet to have basic civic amenities such as drainage, sewage network and roads, among others.?We are working on preparing a robust municipal policy to ensure the development of civic facilities in villages on a par with urban areas. We cannot ignore the villages because all areas are interconnected,? said Mishra. Poor civic amenities in villages affect urban areas as well, officials said. For example, choking of drains in villages on Thursday and subsequent waterlogging after Thursday?s downpour was a result of lack of municipal services in villages, officials said.?Migrant workers and daily wagers cannot afford to live in sectors because of high rental costs. They have to live in villages. The population of villages is rising every day. In the absence of civic amenities in villages, residents dump their waste in the drains, leading to waterlogging. It has to be stopped immediately if Noida officials want to address civic issues in villages,? said Raghuraj Singh, a Congress leader and resident of Bishanpura, near Sector 58, Noida. Villagers have been demanding a unique address (land title) for many years as it will give their properties a legal status and enable them to get loans, on a par with flat or plot owners. ?Our demand for a clear land title is yet to be addressed,? said Singh.?As of now, we will only name the lanes and address civic issues. We will look into other demands of villagers later,? said Mishra.The authority in January 2016 had started a drive to name lanes of Bishanpura and provide adequate facilities but if fizzled out.\r\nMumbai police has reportedly refused to probe the money laundering case against former IPL commissioner Lalit Modi, and returned it to Chennai police saying that 'FIR was filed in Chennai'. Seven years after the FIR, Chennai police in June transferred the case to Mumbai saying that as Mumbai police has territorial jurisdiction, it can conduct speedy investigation of the case.\r\nAfter India Today reported on June 14 that Chennai Police has decided to transfer the case of money laundering against the ex-commissioner of Indian Premier League (IPL) Lalit Modi to Mumbai Police, the latter has declined to probe the matter. After sitting on the case for almost seven years, the Chennai Police recommended a CBI probe and transfer of case to Mumbai Police on grounds of, "territorial jurisdiction to Mumbai Police is legally sound and justified for effective and speedy investigation".But according to latest reports, Mumbai Police has returned the case to Chennai Police saying that the 'FIR was filed in Chennai'. \xa0K Jayanth Murali, Additional Director General of Police, Crime Branch Criminal Investigation Department (CBCID), Chennai confirming it said, "It is true. It has returned to Chennai. The reason Mumbai Police gave to us is - as per the law, it is not tenable." Murali further added, "We will be now referring it to the state government. Whatever they decide, we will follow the orders". WHY DID CHENNAI POLICE TRANSFER THE CASE?In early July 2017, A K Vishwanathan, Commissioner of Police, Chennai had opined the proposal for transferring Lalit Modi's case to Mumbai Police or to the CBI, considering the nature, gravity and inter/intra state ramification and the parallel investigation conducted by the ED. The Central Crime Branch (CCB), Chennai had also agreed to it.In a confidential letter, accessed by Indiatoday.in, the Chennai Police Commissioner opined that "Tamil Nadu (TN) Police have no territorial jurisdiction to investigate the case, therefore, the case is to be transferred from CCD department, Chennai to Mumbai Police, without any further delay".Surprisingly, the state government, after careful examination accepted the proposal and accordingly, directed the Director General of Police to transfer the case to Mumbai for further investigation. The Tamil Nadu (TN) Police was also directed to inform the status to ED, Ministry of Finance, Department of Revenue and Government of India.WHAT IS THE CASE? In 2010, the Chennai Police registered an FIR against Lalit Modi and others, on complaint filed by former BCCI Chief N Srinivasan. Subsequently, the ED registered its ECIR under Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) under Sections 420 (cheating) and 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of Indian Penal Code (IPC).The case relates to Lalit Modi allegedly receiving a huge kickback in the form of diverting funds by switching TV rights contracts, cheating, criminal misappropriation and falsification of documents etc.Later, CBCID Chennai took up the investigation conducted by CCB Chennai under Section 409, 420, 468, 477, 120 (B) IPC. The probe revealed that the alleged transaction by committing various irregularities by Lalit Modi and six others, betrayed the interest of BCCI.The internal investigation report tabled by Chennai Police before the state government said, "The accused committed the offences of criminal breach of trust, forgery, cheating, falsification of accounts and defrauded BCCI in several instances to the tune of Rs 425 crore, Rs 125 crore, Rs 200 crore and Rs 3.5 crore without the consent of the IPL governing council".\r\nUttar Pradesh Power Minister Shrikant Sharma on Sunday launched free power connection schemes for BPL families at 624 places across the state. Sharma said that the scheme would also benefit those without BPL cards at present by charging ?80-?120 from them to provide the power connection. The scheme would provide relief to middle-class families with instalment payment facility, he added.\r\nMathura, Jul 23 (PTI) Uttar Pradesh Power Minister Srikant Sharma today launched free power connection scheme for the BPL card holders in the state. "The scheme of providing free power connection to the BPL card holders has been launched at 624 places across the state," he said. Sharma said the scheme would also benefit the poor people who do not have BPL cards at present. "Such people would have to pay between Rs 80 to Rs 120 for getting the power connection," he said. "The scheme would also provide relief to the middle class people as the instalment payment facility would be admissible for them," the minister said. Sharma said while the Centre had launched the free gas connection scheme for the poor, the Yogi Adityanath government in Uttar Pradesh is giving free power connection to the same class of people. "The Yogi government is working for the common man and the poor," he claimed. \r\nThe Kerala High Court has rejected the bail plea of actor Dileep, who was arrested two weeks ago in connection with the abduction and assault on a Malayalam actress. The court noted that Dileep's release at this point would affect the ongoing investigation. The police suspect Dileep of paying men to abduct and assault the actress. \r\nThe Kerala high court on Monday rejected the bail plea of Malayalam superstar Dileep, who was arrested two weeks ago in connection with the attack and sexual assault on a popular woman actor. Rejecting the bail plea, the court said it was a serious case and his release at this juncture would affect the ongoing investigation. The court agreed with the prosecution that if he was released he would influence some of the witnesses. The prosecution said many involved in the case including his manager Apunni were absconding. The court also approved scientific evidences presented by the prosecution.The actor had moved the high court after Angamally judicial magistrate court rejected his bail plea last week. His counsel said he would move the Supreme Court soon. Lodged in the Aluva sub jail, Dileep will be produced before the local court to extend his judicial custody.The 31-year-old actor was abducted by a gang of criminals and sexually assaulted in a moving car over a period of three hours on February 17. The assailants recorded the assault on their mobile phones and threatened to release the clip if she dared approach the police. During the attack, the main accused, Pulsar Suni, reportedly hinted that they were committing the crime at somebody else?s behest.After the actor lodged a complaint, police arrested all the accused directly involved in the crime. An investigation aimed at identifying the conspirators behind the attack finally led to Dileep?s arrest two weeks ago. The police believe that Dileep paid men to abduct and assault the actor, and take videos of the assault as proof, in order to exact revenge upon her and ?teach her a lesson?. Follow @htshowbiz for more.\r\nRishi Kapoor slammed director Anurag Basu for delaying 'Jagga Jasoos', and said the film was in post-production even two days before release. "You may be...biggest director in the world but nobody would like to work with you...you're irresponsible," added Rishi. He further said that in the entire process, he and Ranbir, who's the film's co-producer, are getting a bad name. nn\r\nRishi Kapoor lashed out at director Anurag Basu after the lukewarm response to son Ranbir Kapoor?s new film, Jagga Jasoos. Calling him irresponsible, the actor said that Basu fails to complete films on time. In an interview with Mid-Day, Rishi Kapoor also slammed music composer Pritam.  ?Till Wednesday, Anurag Basu was still mixing the film. Can you imagine that? Pritam (composer) probably delivered the music only a week before. What can you say? You don?t take an opinion from anybody. Today?s filmmakers are doing this with everybody. They don?t show their films before release to take opinions, and treat it as though they?re making a nuclear bomb. I didn?t hate or love the film. I only felt it needed to be abridged by 20 minutes. But who is going to give that opinion to them? I totally agree with Ekta (Kapoor) when she threw him out from her film. He had problems with Rakesh Roshan while working on Kites (2010). He?s such an irresponsible director that he doesn?t complete the film. It was supposed to release three times in the past two years, but it kept getting delayed. Asked about why the film wasn?t released in some international markets on time, Rishi Kapoor again blamed Basu?s delays. ?It did not release in Singapore because you have to deliver it five days in advance. It did not release in the Gulf on Thursday because it was only delivered to them on Thursday. This is unreasonable and irresponsible. You may be thinking you are making the Taj Mahal, but you are supposed to make it ready on time. Even Pritam delays his submissions. [It was later promoted as] a kids? film. But, a kids? film also has to release at the right time, like during the school vacations. At that time too, Anurag Basu wasn?t ready. There?s economics and maths involved. Everything is not just about creativity.??You may be the biggest director in the world,? he said, ?but nobody would like to work with you because you are irresponsible. There is somebody else?s money involved in this. I trusted you, and this is what you give us? Ranbir hasn?t held back on spending money on it. You even threw Govinda out of the film. If you don?t want Govinda to work in your film, why did you ask him in the first place??Jagga Jasoos released on 14 July. It has so far made Rs 45 crore. According to a Forbes report, the film recorded one of the worst Friday-to-Friday drops of all time, plummeting 85% on its second Friday. The troubled film?s relatively large Rs 110 crore budget also poses a problem in the studio?s plans for a sequel.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nAkshay Kumar has apologised for posting a picture of himself waving the Indian flag upside down while cheering for the Indian cricket team at Women's World Cup final. "Extending my sincerest apology for violating the code of conduct for the tricolour. Didn't mean to offend anyone, the picture has been removed," tweeted Akshay. India lost to England by nine runs.\r\nAkshay Kumar apologised for posting a picture of himself cheering the Indian women?s Cricket team at Sunday?s World Cup final, in which he was seen waving the national flag. The actor faced some heat on the social media after it was noticed he was holding the flag wrong.?Extending my sincerest apology for violating the code of conduct for the tricolor (sic).Didn?t mean to offend anyone,the picture has been removed,? the National Award winner tweeted on Monday.Extending my sincerest apology for violating the code of conduct for the tricolor.Didn't mean to offend anyone,the picture has been removed? Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) July 24, 2017The picture in question could no longer be seen on his timeline, but screenshots were doing the rounds online. His fans, however, came to his support.Respect? Hrithik Roshan?? (@HrithikRoshanFB) July 24, 2017Proud to be your fan sir? Radhe Radhe (@ccsuryawanshi01) July 24, 2017Here is the correct pic pic.twitter.com/ETcRYmJL4b? Chetan -TEPK 11 AUG (@akshaysMartial) July 24, 2017The Indian Women?s Cricket team were beaten at the World Cup Final by England, held at Lord?s.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nMumbai's 172-year-old Sir JJ Hospital on Sunday reportedly got its first case of cadaver donation when a 38-year-old brain-dead woman's organs were donated by her family to the hospital. The hospital transplanted her liver and eyes in three patients. The woman was reportedly admitted to the hospital after she met with an accident and was declared brain-dead after some days.\r\nMaharashtra?s largest public medical facility, Sir J?J?Hospital, reported its first cadaver donation this month after the family of a  38-year-old brain-dead patient from Jalgaon, Sangita Mahajan, donated her body.The liver from the cadaver was transplanted to a 68-year-old end-stage organ failure patient at Jupiter Hospital,Thane, while the corneas were retained by JJ Hospital for transplants. Doctors from the hospital said that Mahajan had met with an accident on July 17 while she was shopping in a market. After treatment for three days at a local hospital, she slipped into coma, and her relatives moved her to Sir JJ Hospital for further treatment. ?The doctors, after an initial check-up, informed the family that Mahajan is brain-dead and asked if they would like to opt for cadaver donation. Surprisingly, the family, was impressed with Medical Education Minister Girish Mahajan?s appeal to people to opt for cadaver donation and agreed to donate heart, kidney, liver and corneas,? said Dr TP Lahane, dean, JJ Hospital. The heart and kidneys couldn?t be used as the organs were not fit to be transplanted. The corneas were transplanted in two patients, a 60-year-old man and a 48-year-old woman.?The doctors were so excited that even head of the departments of concerned specialties, along with their teams were present throughout the night till the donation process was complete. We will now try to increase the frequency of donations at the hospital,? Dr Lahane added.\r\nDelhi government is reportedly planning to allow colleges to issue leaners' driving licences to students by September. It was proposed because the demand for these licences was allegedly highest among the 18-24 age group applicants. Students have to be above 18 years of age for eligibility and score at least six out of ten marks in an online test.\r\nStudents in Delhi will get a chance to take a test and apply for a driving licence at their colleges, according to Delhi?s transport minister who spoke of a new system that is likely to be launched by September.According to a proposed plan, the government will empower educational institutions to issue learners? licences. To be eligible, students will need to be above 18 and score at least 6 out of 10 marks in an online test that will be administered by the institutions. Transport minister Kailash Gahlot told Hindustan Times that the project, which will be reviewed by deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia this week, is being expedited because the demand for learners? driving licence is highest among the 18-24 age group applicants.Currently, an applicant needs to visit any of the 13 motor licensing offices across the city to get a learner?s licence. Once implemented, it will be the first time that the government will authorise anyone apart from the MLOs to issue driving licences. ?More than 53% of those who took the learners? licence last year were in the age bracket of 18-24 years. Those between 25-35 years constituted 25% ? the second highest. So, primarily students are the ones taking these licences and authorising educational institutes will revolutionise the system,? Gahlot said. The project will begin with the government?s polytechnic colleges. Apart from this, seven colleges under the Delhi government such as the Ambedkar University are also being roped in. Around 88 colleges under Delhi University will also be included. Explaining the process, officials said the online test will be conducted at colleges once a week. ?Students will be able to take the test either in English or Hindi. The test is just of 10 minutes and will have 10 objective type questions,? they said.\r\nA Maharashtra education board has introduced a compulsory six-week internship in the last year of diploma engineering courses as part of a new curriculum. Authorities said the new curriculum will provide practical training and "industry-relevant" skills to the students. The decision was allegedly taken after the number of admission-seeking students reportedly declined by 38% in the last two years.\r\n With the demand for diploma engineering courses dwindling in the past few years, the Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education (MSBTE) has decided to make the curriculum more suited to industry needs.  As part of the new ?I Scheme? curriculum, which will replace the existing ?G Scheme? curriculum from the upcoming academic year, the state board has introduced a mandatory six-week internship in the last year of the diploma. The students will also receive hands-on training throughout the three-year course by working on ?mini projects?.?The curriculum provides for industry-relevant skills to the students. It will focus more on practical training than theoretical knowledge?, said Vinod Mohitkar, secretary, MSBTE. He added that declining number of students in diploma programmes was one of the considerations while designing the new curriculum.So far, the theory aspect of engineering has been the major component of all diploma programmes. Industry apprenticeship was limited to the institutes offering ?sandwich pattern? programmes, where two semesters of industrial training was sandwiched between classroom teaching. ?I scheme? is an outcome-based curriculum pattern, with specific sets of goals defined for the each programme. It follows a variation of choice-based credit system (CBCS), which allows students to choose from a list of subjects. ?The students can specialise in an area of their choice,? said Mohitkar.The board has also decided to prepare learning resources such as lab manuals and sample question papers, to ensure uniform and effective implementation of the curriculum.Gopakumaran Thampi, principal, Thadomal Shahani College of Engineering, said that the new curriculum has been designed to encourage students to join the industry, instead of opting for higher education. ?Many students treat the diploma as a stepping stone for a degree course. The curriculum will ensure that the students intuitively learn skills required in the industry, rather than seeking knowledge,? he said.HT, on Saturday, reported that, in the last two years, the number of students applying for diploma courses has dipped by 38%, as the students increasingly prefer pursuing degree engineering after junior college or joining a vocational courses at an Industrial Training Institute.Thampi believes that the board will have to do more than just revise the curriculum if it wants more students to join polytechnics. ?The diploma holders are looked down upon in the society. As a result, most of the students opt for degree engineering. The board needs to glamourise and market diploma programmes and explain their importance in nation building,? he said.How ?I Scheme? curriculum was developedMaharashtra State Board of Technical Education (MSBTE) had begun the exercise to revise the curriculum in October 2015, when it convened a meeting of around 60 industry experts in Pune to gauge their expectations from diploma holders, in terms of knowledge skills and attitudes. The National Institute of Technical Teachers Training and Research (NITTTR), Bhopal was appointed as an education consultant for this project. MSBTE, then, prepared two separate questionnaires to seek inputs from industries and alumni of polytechnics in the state.The feedback from around 300 industries and several alumni were collected, tabulated and analysed, using statistical tools.The requirement of industry were prioritised in terms of various categories of subjects such as basic science, engineering science, engineering technology, core technology and applied technology.Based on this data, the structure of 18 engineering diploma programmes, including mechanical, civil, computer and electrical engineering, were developed. The final drafts were further fine-tuned after running them by industries again.Fewer takers for engineering diplomaThis year, the state?s directorate of technical education (DTE) received around 65,406 applications, 185 less than 80,000 applications received in academic year 2016-17. A similar rate of drop - 20% - was witnessed between 2016-17 and 2015-16, when close to a lakh students had applied for the diploma courses.\r\nFarmers' organisations in Maharashtra will reportedly hold 'rasta roko' (blockade) on August 14 to restart their protests to demand farm loan waiver. This comes after the farmers' groups held a march in Pune to spread awareness about the alleged injustices to farmers. They also demanded that farmers be paid 50% minimum support price apart from input costs.\r\n Farmers? outfits in Maharashtra will restart their protest to demand a blanked loan waiver and implementation of the Swaminathan commission?s recommendations across the state by staging ?rasta roko? on August 14. The commission has suggested 50% minimum support price (MSP) to be given to farmers for crops over and above the input cost. They have also appealed to Maratha outfits for their support.The decision was taken in a meeting of the steering committee, apex body of the all the farmers organisations, held on Sunday after conclusion of an awareness march at Pune. The awareness march (Janjagruti Yatra) was started from July 10 to tell people about the alleged injustice being done to farmers.?We have decided to take our agitation forward by holding rasta roko on August 14. This agitation will be held across the state with full vigour,? said Ajit Nawale, coordinator of the steering committee.Nawale added that they have also asked Maratha outfits to raise the farmers? issue during their silent march, which will be held in Mumbai on August 9.He said legislators Bachchu Kadu, Jiva Pandu Gavit and Jayant Patil, who support their agitation, will raise the issue of blanket loan waiver during the monsoon session of the state legislature starting on Monday. Raju Shetti, farmers? leader and Swabhimani Paksha chief, said they will intensify the agitation if the government won?t accept their demands after August 14.The awareness march was carried out through 26 districts and 14 big rallies were held. Reacting to this, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said some people want to prolong an issue and that?s why they use such means. ?The farmers of the state will show them their place,? Fadnavis said.A day after the state government announced a Rs34,000-crore farm loan waiver, the steering committee of the farmers? outfits rejected the offer on grounds that it was ?incomplete?. They have given the government time until July 26 to fulfil their demands, failing which they plan to resume their agitation.\r\nComedian Sugandha Mishra said she stresses on female comedians not being made eye-candy. She added that sometimes, makers of a comedy show keep women only for cues and give main lines to men. Sugandha further said that initially, good-looking girls find it difficult doing comedy as they're confused about negative portrayals, as is sometimes required in comedy shows.\r\nActor Sugandha Mishra, who has part been of multiple comedy shows such as Comedy Circus Ke Taansen and Kapil Sharma show, now stars in the recently launched show, The Drama Company.  While she agrees that the position of female comedians has improved, she says it will take time for more progress, as Indian comedy is a male-dominated field.?It?s more difficult for a good-looking girl to enter comedy, because such girls usually  want to do acting first and look pretty. As a comedian you may have to look bad too, to justify your character,  but good-looking girls often face this conflict...whether they should do it or not,? says Sugandha. The 29-year-old actor says it is also difficult for women to  make a mark in the comedy circuit, as they face several limitations. ? My first show Laughter Challenge had some big comedians and to participate with them was a challenge. Being a man, they had no limits at all for comedy. They could perform anything, but being a female, I can?t do everything. Like toilet humour, I can?t do double-meaning comedy and I don?t approve of it either. I don?t even look funny that if I crack a joke on myself,  people will laugh. To perform with those limits has been very challenging,? says Sugandha.She stresses on the importance of giving female stand-up comedians proper roles in shows.?Sometimes it would happen that we are doing some gags,  the makers of the show would keep the girl for giving cues and give the punches to the men. I have always worked on my choices and left shows where I have been uncomfortable. I have always emphasised  on not making the female comedian eye-candy for  the show,? she says.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nOver 200 sheep plunged to their deaths from a 200 metre-high cliff on the France-Spain border, while reportedly trying to escape a brown bear. The bodies of 169 sheep were found in Spanish village Lladorre, while the rest were found in France. The flock of sheep, belonging to a French farmer, had panicked after the bear attacked one of them.\r\nMore than 200 sheep have plunged to their deaths in the Pyrenees while apparently trying to escape a brown bear. The bears have been reintroduced to the mountain region over the past three decades after being wiped out by hunters.The sheep, which belonged to a farmer in Couflens, south-west France, are thought to have taken fright when the bear appeared in the area last Sunday.After the predator attacked one of the sheep, 209 others in the flock panicked and hurled themselves off a 200 metre-high cliff on the border between France and Spain. The bodies of 169 sheep were found the next day at the foot of the cliff in the Spanish village of Lladorre. The other dead animals were found in France.The Spanish news agency Europa Press said bear fur had been found on one of the dead sheep and would be analysed to try to establish exactly what had happened.Although the French government will compensate the farmer for his loss, the incident has provoked an angry response from the local branch of the French farmers? federation.?Pastoralism ? which protects biodiversity and keeps the mountains alive ? is not compatible with the reintroduction of large predators,? said the Conf\xe9d\xe9ration Paysanne de l?Ari\xe8ge.The last female brown bear native to the Pyrenees was shot dead by hunters in 2004. The French government has been engaged in a repopulation programme since the early 1990s, using bears from Slovenia. There are now thought to be about 30 brown bears in the region.More than 130 sheep died in a similar, bear-related incident in the French Pyrenees last year.Farmers on both sides of the border blame the bears for attacks on their livestock and the predators are sometimes killed. In September last year, the corpse of a brown bear ? a protected species in Spain ? was found with a gunshot wound to the chest in the northern regions of Asturias.\r\nMaharashtra government on Sunday approved bank guarantees and loan-related sanctions for four Mumbai Metro projects. They approved bank guarantee for Metro 4 and issued Debt Sustainability Certificate (DSC) for Metro 2A, Metro 2B and Metro 7 projects. This will help formalise the loan agreements with Asian Development Bank and Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank which are funding the projects.\r\nIn a boost to the Mumbai Metro, the Maharashtra government on Sunday approved bank guarantees and loan-related sanctions for four projects ? Metro 2A ( Dahisar to DN Nagar), Metro 2B ( DN Nagar-Bandra-Mankhurd), Metro 4 (Wadala Ghatkopar Mulund Kasaravadavali) and Metro 7 covering (Dahisar East-Andheri East). The cabinet also allowed the use of a plot reserved for playground to build an underground station for Metro 3. These decisions were cleared in the cabinet meeting held on Sunday, on the eve of the monsoon session of the Maharashtra legislature.The state cabinet approved bank guarantee for Metro 4 being funded by Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. It has further decided to provide a debt sustainability certificate (DSC) to three other Metro projects ? Metro 2A, 2B and 7 being funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB). The cost of Metro 4 is Rs14,549 crore, while the cost of the rest of the three projects is Rs6,410 crore, Rs10,986 crore and Rs6,208 crore respectively. The DSC is mandatory to sanction externally aided projects that are to get funding from multilateral agencies like the ADB and World Bank. The bank guarantees and the debt sustainability certificates from the state government to the Metro projects will help formalise loan agreements for four of the Metro corridors with international funding agencies. Only after the loan agreements are inked, one can say the financing of these projects is complete. This will also ensure that work on the Metro projects is not held up for want of money.?We plan to complete Metro 7 and Metro 2A by the 2019 Assembly elections. While civil work is being funded by the MMRDA, financing for the rolling stock, signaling systems etc is possible only through the loan. So formalising these loan agreements is important for us,?? said a senior state government official. For the fully underground Metro 3 project, a 554-sqm plot located at Tardeo currently reserved as a playground was required to develop an underground ?Grant Road? station. As the plot was reserved for a playground, it required the government?s approval to build an underground station. The cabinet approved the proposal speeding up work on the Metro 3 corridor as well. This corridor is likely to be completed by 2020-21. Metro-3 is a 33.5-km underground corridor that will link Colaba-Bandra-SEEPZ in Andheri (East). The length of the corridor is marked with 27 key stations and except one all its stations will be underground. The cost of the project is Rs23,136 crore.ReadMumbai metro-3: Shiv Sena rejects BJP?s proposal to give 4,000 sqm plot at Andheri\r\nThe eight-lane Hero Honda Chowk flyover of Gurugram was opened to traffic on Monday. The flyover is expected to smoothen the traffic movement for commuters, including those travelling between Jaipur and Delhi via Gurugram and Manesar. The construction of the 1.4 km flyover started in 2014 as part of a three-layered crossing involving the flyover, underpass, and surface road.\r\n Commuting between Jaipur and Delhi via Gurgaon and Manesar is to become smooth and hassle-free, as the bottlenecks on the busy Hero Honda Chowk are set to go with the opening of the eight-lane Hero Honda Chowk flyover on Monday.The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), which had assigned the project, confirmed that the flyover will open to traffic on Monday.Chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar will inaugurate the flyover. Traffic on the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway (NH-8) has been a major challenge for the Gurgaon administration, with  vehicles from multiple points converging on Hero Honda Chowk and resulting in snarls, often stretching to several hours. The flyover project had been proposed to take the load of vehicles on the stretch and facilitate a smooth flow of local and long-distance traffic.With the eight-lane flyover likely to ensure smooth and uninterrupted flow of long-distance traffic, local commuters will find it easy to move from one side of the expressway to the other. It used to be a Herculean task earlier owing to the convergence of vehicles from multiple points.Pradeep Kumar, a resident of Sector 10, said, ?Now, I can cross the expressway at Hero Honda Chowk to reach my office at Sector 35. I won?t have to travel 3km to Rajiv Chowk before taking the U-turn to reach office. The opening of the flyover will come as a huge relief for me and thousands of fellow commuters.?Traffic management during the construction of the flyover had been a challenge for the city traffic police, with the convergence of vehicles adding to the chaos. ?Although there were many hurdles along the way, we are delighted that the flyover is now ready to open to traffic. The trial run has been conducted successfully. We are through with installation of lights on the flyover and have also placed cat eyes and blinkers wherever necessary,? said Ashok Kumar Sharma, project director, NHAI, adding that the flyover will go a long way to resolving the traffic problem on the stretch.Read I Rain plan: Gurgaon?s Hero Honda Chowk flyover to offer two-way traffic movementThe 1.4 km flyover is part of a three-layered crossing involving the flyover, underpass and surface road.The construction of the flyover began in November, 2014 and set a deadline of 30 months.Rambir Singh, a resident of Narsinghpur, said, ?We are relieved that the flyover will open at long last. Commuting on Hero Honda Chowk has been fraught with risks since the NH-8 opened in 2008. For pedestrians, cyclists and bikers, the NH-8 crossing was a death trap and proved fatal for many. Residents have had to wage a long battle to bring this flyover project to fruition.?\r\nThe Indian Air Force on Sunday rescued a pregnant woman, newborn twins and their mother from a flooded village in Gujarat. The village was inaccessible through roads due to heavy rainfall and floods. An official said a Chetak helicopter reached the location within 45 minutes of receiving the evacuation request and flew them to a medical team waiting for them.\r\nActing with lightening speed - peculiar to the Men in Blue and their flying machines, an Indian Air Force Chetak helicopter took flight within minutes of the IAF receiving a request for immediate evacuation of two pregnant women in critical condition, 'about to deliver'.The message with the location details was received at 4:30pm and the Chetak got airborne from Jamnagar at 4:40pm to head for the site.It took barely anytime for the seasoned heads and hands at work at HQ Southern Western Air Command\xa0 Gandhinagar coordinating Human Assistance and Disaster Relief operations in the area in choosing a Chetak helicopter for this particular operation - owing to its much lesser all up weight as compared to a MI-17V5. Keeping in view - the medical condition of those to be evacuated, the aircraft would need to land to take them on board safely (in all probability on a patch of soft ground as reported by district officials at the site).While the aircraft was enroute to Nana Matra Village of Vinchia Taluka in Rajkot district - the district administration officials informed that one of the two women to be evacuated had already delivered a set of twins and needed to be airlifted immediately. By 5:15pm, the 'Saviour Chetak' was already overhead looking for a safe patch to land. The mother, with her new born twins and an attendant were instantaneously put into the aircraft and flown out to safety with due care. The aircraft landed at Jasdan helipad where they were handed over to the medical team already waiting for the aircraft on ground.The aircraft then returned to Nana Matra, this time picking up another pregnant woman bleeding profusely, in need of urgent medical attention. The lady along with an attendant was quickly evacuated and flown across the river where the medical staff and ambulance in wait took over.It is learnt that due to excessive flooding and damage to the access road, the village Nana Matra had become inaccessible for vehicles necessitating timely aerial evacuation by IAF to save previous lives.ALSO READ:IAF turns 83: PM Modi salutes Air Force's courage, determinationIndian Air Force plans to add muscle to SukhoisSukhoi-30 crash: Pilots onboard IAF aircraft confirmed dead, were unable to eject on timeALSO WATCH: Road rage shocker: IAF officer thrashed and robbed by 3 men in Delhi, video goes viral \r\nPrison officials in the Public Accounts Committee Meeting of Karnataka Legislative Assembly have agreed that AIADMK leader VK Sasikala was given special treatment in jail. The committee has ordered a probe into the matter asking officials to submit a report within 15 days. Notably, the issue was raised by Karnataka's DIG of Prisons D Roopa who has now been transferred.\r\nIt was alleged that VK Sasikala is being given special treatment in Parappana Agrahara Central jail, where she has been imprisoned after being acquitted in the disproportionate assets case.This claim was made by Karnataka's Deputy Inspector of General Prisons D Roopa who has now been transferred. D Roopa, in her report, also suggested that Sasikala paid Rs 2 crore was paid to avail facilities like five rooms, cot, bed, television and a separate kitchen inside the prison. A probe was ordered by Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah, who ordered Roopa's transfer. However, during the Public Accounts Committee Meeting of Karnataka Legislative Assembly, that was recently, the prison high officials agreed that the former general secretary of AIADMK was given special treatment. The committee is headed by Bharatiya Janata Party MLA and former home minister R Ashok who has asked the officials to submit a report within 15 days. D ROOPA'S CONTROVERSIAL REPORTIn her four-page report after visiting the central prison on July 10, Roopa had said a special kitchen was functioning in the jail here for Sasikala, a convict in a corruption case, in violation of the rules.Sasikala has been lodged at the Parappana Agrahara central jail in Bengaluru since her conviction in February in a disproportionate assets case along with her two relatives, VN Sudhakaran and Elavarasi, all serving a four-year jail term.(With inputs from Priyamvatha P)Also Watch: Exclusive: Exposing poor administration doesn't amount to criticising the govt, DIG Roopa to India Today\r\nRajasthan Police busted a network of drivers and contractors who stole around 5 crore litres of crude oil from Cairn India's Barmer oilfield in six years. The tanker operators authorised for transporting water carried oil in two of the five compartments inside the nearly 40,000-litre tanker, police said. Reportedly, ?49 crore worth of oil could have been stolen in total.\r\nPolice arrested eight people on Friday for allegedly stealing about 5 crore litres of crude oil from Cairn India?s oilfield in Barmer over the last several years.Cairn India produces about 1.75 lakh barrels of oil per day from its Barmer oilfield, which is India?s largest onshore block. The company said it had filed a case and was cooperating with the police.The eight arrested were mainly transporters and some staff of Cairn contractor companies. The role of some top officials of the oil and gas giant was being investigated, police said, adding that more arrests are likely soon.Modus OperandiAccording to police, the tanker operators were authorised for transporting water, but used to carry oil in two of the five compartments inside the nearly 40,000-litre tanker. The rest would be filled with water.The accused Sata Ram and Dharma Ram were selling the crude to Gautam Singh Rajpurohit and Bhoor Singh Rajpurohit, both residents of Barmer, at a factory located about 12 km from the city.Gautam Singh paid Rs 7.50 per litre to the tanker owner and later sold the crude for Rs 25 per litre, police said. The tanker owner kept Rs 4 for himself and distributed the rest Rs 3.50 among the staff posted at production site, the surveyor, helpers and others.Barmer superintendent of police Gagandeep Singla said the tankers belonged to transport companies Narendra Road lines Ltd (NRL), a Gujarat-based firm, and Shree Mohangarh Construction Company (SMCC), a local entity.At least 44 tankers were used for transportation of which 39 were used for crude theft, police said, adding that they have seized 33 tankers, 11 of NRL and 22 of SMCC, while five have been kept under vigilance.Based on the statement of the accused, police said that theft of 15000-20,000 litres of crude oil worth Rs 3 lakh was taking place daily. With more arrests likely, the figures are likely to go up, police said.Raids on Underground StoragesPolice recovered around 3,500 litres crude from the factory. On checking with Cairn, the company confirmed that it was crude and it matched with the Cairn satellite field crude oil, Singla said.Later, police also traced and raided another factory in Barmer Gadan and found eight underground storage tankers and recovered 43,000 litres of crude.Police said the theft was done in connivance with field-level staff and this nexus had been running since past six years. The security personnel at oil production sites were also questioned.So far, three FIRs have been registered in which hundred people have been named as accused. Of these, 25 had been detained for questioning on Friday, and police arrested eight of them.According to the police, the stolen crude was being supplied to many states and investigation is on to trace the complete ring.Barmer collector Shivprasad Nakate told HT they have formed a committee to probe the matter from some different angles, including the illegalities. Officials from the state petroleum department have also reached Barmer to probe the matter.A Cairn India official said apart from the Rs 10 crore loss to the company, the state exchequer had lost around Rs 50 crore.?As a common practice, Union and state governments get profit from petroleum sale, royalty and other taxes that are higher than that of the operating company. In case of Barmer, the calculation indicates that against a sale of crude of Rs 100, Cairn?s profit is Rs 18 while the union government and the state in total get Rs 82,? he said on condition of anonymity. \r\nReliance Jio has reportedly submitted a proposal to the Ministry of Human Resource to provide free WiFi in around 38,000 colleges across the country. The facility will reportedly benefit 3 crore students, who will be able to access the government's National Knowledge Network. A tender will be floated to give other companies a fair chance, according to a government source.\r\nAfter announcing free phones, Reliance Jio now wants to provide free Wi-Fi to three crore college students across the country. According to sources in the government, the company has submitted a proposal in this regard to the human resource development (HRD) ministry. Sources further said that the proposal is being examined by the ministry and a final decision is yet to be taken. However, officials said any such proposal will have to go through a transparent tender process. On the list for free wi-fiDelhi UniversityBanaras Hindu UniversityAligarh Muslim UniversityJamia Milia Islamia UniversityCentral University, Himachal PradeshCentral University, South BiharCentral University, JammuLast month, a proposal was received by the ministry in which Reliance Jio expressed a desire to connect close to 38,000 colleges (technical and non-technical) under the HRD ministry across India by deploying free Wi-Fi connectivity. ?Through this free access to Wi-Fi, all students will be able to get internet connection and use educational resources such as online courses available on SWAYAM platform through the National Knowledge Network. The company plans to create hotspots for this,? a source said.This is the first time the ministry has received a proposal of this kind from a telecom service provider. The government, therefore, wants to ensure other providers have a ?fair chance?.?Though they (Reliance) are not charging us any money for this project, we can?t approve it without giving a fair chance to others. A tender will be floated so that it is a fair and transparent process,? added the source. Reliance Jio had last month made a presentation before the ministry regarding its plans. When contacted by HT, Jio?s representatives refused to comment on the issue.Significantly, even the HRD ministry?s proposal to provide free Wi-Fi to central universities, which has been in the pipeline for quite some time, is also likely to take off this year. HRD minister Prakash Javadekar had recently announced that 38 universities would be made Wi-Fi enabled by August 31 this year.\r\nJawaharlal Nehru University's Vice-Chancellor M Jagadesh Kumar has requested the government to get an Army tank for the campus to instill a feeling of nationalism in the students. "The tank will remind students of the great sacrifices and valour of Indian Army", Kumar said. He was speaking at the celebration of the Kargil Vijay Divas at the campus.\r\nAt a Tiranga March organised in the Jawaharlal Nehru University ahead of the Kargil Vijay Diwas, the university vice-chancellor sought help to procure an Indian Army tank to be displayed inside the varsity premises. The Sunday?s gather at the university was unique in many ways. In attendance were minister of state for petroleum and natural gas Dharmendra Pradhan, minister of state for external affairs VK Singh, Major General (retd) GD Bakshi and cricketer Gautam Gambhir. Only a handful of students, however, turned up for the advance celebration of Kargil Vijay Divas, which actually falls on July 26.Slogans such as Jahan hue balidaan Mukherjee (Syama Prasad Mukherjee), woh Kashmir humara hai. Sare ka sara humara hai (The Kashmir where Mukherjee died is ours) echoed on a relatively empty JNU campus as a group of over 300 people walked, fluttering the tri-colour, from the main gate to the convention centre. During the programme, JNU vice-chancellor M Jagadesh Kumar, who stood in support of the march, requested Dharmendra Pradhan, and VK Singh, to procure an army tank to be exhibited in JNU. ?We request you to help us procure an army tank so that it could be put in JNU. The tank will remind students of the great sacrifices and valour of Indian Army.?Terming it as a defeat of the ?anti-national? forces in JNU, the slogans ?Naxalwad na Maowad, sabse upar Rashtrawad (no Naxalism or Maoism only nationalism,? and ?Pakistan Murdabad (down with Pakistan),? were raised as the crowd followed people leading the protest with the 600-metre-long flag.On the evening of February 9, 2016, JNU students were accused of raising anti-India slogans on the campus at an event to mark the hanging of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru and were booked for sedition.Even though the event, a part of the Vidya Veerta Abhiyan initiative of the Ministry of HRD, was to be joined by JNU students, there were only a handful of them. The event was also attended by relatives of martyrs.?Jahan kiya jhande ka apman, ab wahin hoga jhande ka samman,? said a participant. Everyone repeated followed by whistles, claps and the chants of ?Bharat Mata ki Jai?.Saurabh Sharma, vice-president, ABVP called the march ?historic?. ?ABVP led today?s historic march along with the veterans of Indian Army and JNU students and teachers. JNU is now changing. The students are understanding the meaning of true nationalism. Earlier JNU only spoke about Maoism, now it nationalism it taking roots here,? he said.Major General (retd) GD Bakshi termed JNU as a ?new and transformed campus?. Taking a jibe at the Left-leaning students in JNU he said, ?See how we turned things around. We want to make them understand how people in the Army lay down their lives. Last year, what happened at JNU was a clear show of shamelessness by separatist forces.?Talking about how an institution must impart not just knowledge but also values, he said. ?Today we made sure to send a message across to those who do not get what nationalism is by hoisting the Indian flag here. Those people were against putting Indian flag on the campus. I ask them why? How dare they say that? Is this our land or Pakistan?s? Why won?t the flag be here? Today, they have been answered,? he said.Supreme Court advocate Monika Arora voiced the same opinion. ?Those people who shouted slogans were followers of Marx and Stalin, the people who not only destroyed themselves but also the countries they belonged to, with their ideas. These ideas spread like a disease and if not treated then it develops into gangrene.? Reacting to the event, Amal, vice-president JNU Students Union, said that everyone has the right to conduct a programme but they should also respect the right to dissent. ?They can hold their programmes and say what they wish but why have they been curtailing the voices of dissent. Each time we screen a film or hold an event that does not suit their agenda, they send notices to us. When we do not have a problem with them holding events, they why stop us? They call such events patriotic but they just use them as an opportunity to recruit people in RSS,? he said. \r\nOutgoing President Pranab Mukherjee in his farewell speech on Sunday remembered Indira Gandhi, calling her a towering personality. He also mentioned an incident when on being asked about her gains after the Emergency, she replied, "In those 21 months we comprehensively managed to alienate all sections of people". "Nobody after that asked a question about Emergency", he said.\r\nOutgoing president Pranab Mukherjee today in his farewell speech remembered his mentor and former prime minister Indira Gandhi. In his last speech as the President of India, Mukherjee said that Gandhi was a towering personality."My career was mentored by Mrs Indira Gandhi who was a towering personality. She had the courage to call a spade a spade," Mukherjee said as he related an interesting incident that happened in London after the Congress' defeat post Emergency."After the Congress' and her own defeat post Emergency, she went to London in 1978. A battery of mediapersons, in a fairly aggressive mood were waiting to ask questions."The first question was: 'What had been your gains from Emergency?'. Looking directly into the eyes of mediapersons, in a level voice she replied: 'In those 21 months we comprehensively managed to alienate all sections of people'," Mukherjee recalled.After a few seconds of silence, there was laughter, he said."Nobody after that asked a question about Emergency and the mediapersons melted away," he said.He added that he also learnt an early lesson of acknowledging his mistakes and rectifying them. He said that self-correction in such situations was always a better option than self-justification. In his speech, President Mukherjee also said that ordinance on money matters should be used only in compelling circumstances.\xc2\xa0 He added that it was unfortunate that parliamentary time devoted to legislations has been declining.While addressing the gathering, President Mukherjee lauded the recent passage of GST. He said that GST launch on July 1 was a shining example of cooperative federalism and that it spoke volumes for maturity of India's Parliament.During the farewell ceremony at the Parliament's Central Hall, the Lok Sabha Speaker presented a book signed by MPs to the outgoing president.ALSO READ:\r\nStubbs, the cat which was elected as the honorary mayor of Alaska's town Talkeetna, passed away on Thursday night at the age of 20. Talkeetna, which is a town which has no human mayor, elected Stubbs in 1997. The cat, which liked drinking water and catnip from margarita glasses, was a tourist attraction in the town of around 900 residents. n\r\nStubbs, the cat who became the unofficial mayor and a tourist attraction for the small Alaska town of Talkeetna, has died at 20, his owners said.Stubbs went to sleep on Thursday night in the town about 96 km north of Anchorage and never woke up, the Spone family said in a statement on Saturday.?He was a trooper until the very last day of his life,? the family said.The cat, which liked to drink water and catnip from a margarita glass, was elected unofficial mayor of Talkeetna in 1997, news reports said.The Spones acquired Stubbs when they bought Nagley?s General Store and a restaurant in 2015 from his previous owners, the family said.Stubbs, who survived a dog attack in 2013, became a tourist draw for Talkeetna, a town of about 900 people near Denali National Park. More than 75% of visitors asked: ?Where?s the mayor?? or ?I have an appointment with the mayor,? the family said.Stubbs increasingly stayed at home this year instead of going to the store, where he was frequently passed from hand to hand by people taking photos with him, the statement said.\r\nIndia women's team captain Mithali Raj called for a women's IPL after the team lost the World Cup final to England, saying "now was the time to create the base". "The WBBL has given exposure to two girls...If more girls participate in such leagues, it will give them experience and help them to improve their own game," said Mithali.\r\nIndia captain Mithali Raj said now was time to ?create the base? of a female equivalent to the Indian Premier League after her side?s hopes of Women?s World Cup final glory were snatched away by England at Lord?s.Raj?s side looked on course to lift the trophy for the first time at 191 for three, chasing 229 for victory, in Sunday?s final at the ?home of cricket?.But on the same Lord?s ground where India?s men had won an inaugural World Cup title back in 1983, they lost their last seven wickets for just 28 runs to be bowled out for 219 with eight balls to spare.Anya Shrubsole did the damage with a late burst of five wickets for 11 runs in 19 deliveries. The pace bowler?s match haul of six for 46 was also the best individual return in any Women?s World Cup final.Pressure got to India in the end, but the 34-year-old Raj, who later confirmed this has been her last World Cup appearance, said that would be less likely to happen if they had a tournament to match Australia?s Twenty20 Women?s Big Bash League or England?s equivalent Super League.?Everybody was very nervous and I think that resulted in our defeat,? Raj, the all-time leading run-scorer in women?s one-day internationals told reporters. England?s women have been full-time professionals for some two years now, with Raj?s side still on their way -- although the squad did receive bonus payments of 50 lakh Indian rupees each for reaching the final from the Board of Control for Cricket in India.Punam Raut was the only Indian player to step up as she notched up 86 but the rest of the batting was blown away by Anya Shrubsole?s haul of 6/46.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?Set the platform??These girls have really set the platform for the upcoming generations in India,? said Raj. ?They?ve opened up the channels for women?s cricket and they should be really proud of themselves. I have seen the changes the girls have made.  Unlike 2005 (when Australia hammered India by 98 runs in the final at Centurion, South Africa), this went to the end.?India?s collapse was sparked by Punam Raut?s exit for 86, the top score of the final.Together with Harmanpreet Kaur, who made 51 after her astounding 171 not out in India?s semi-final win over reigning champions Australia, the opener shared a third-wicket stand of 95.?We messed it up in the end. It was a very brave innings from Punam,? said Raj.But the skipper said her side had established a solid foundation for women?s cricket in India, the sport?s financial superpower.?The response from the public is very positive,? said Raj. ?I?m sure the BCCI is very proud of the team.  When we lost to South Africa and Australia (in pool play), no one thought we would get to the final.  A team like that has come to the finals and given a good fight to the home team. The WBBL has given exposure to the two girls who have played (Smriti Mandhana and Kaur).  If more girls participate in such leagues, it will give them experience and help them to improve their own game.  If you ask me, they should have (women?s) IPL because now is the right time to create that base.?IPL chairman Rajiv Shukla said that there could be a possibility. ?However, there has been no official discussion on it. We just have statements coming in,? he told HT.Shukla said that it could be discussed with the Committee of Administrators and could also be discussed at the Annual General Meeting in near future. ?But we need to discuss it first before taking any decision.?England, beaten by India in their opening pool match, also made plenty of mistakes in the error-strewn closing overs on the way to winning a fourth World Cup title and third in as many editions on home soil.Mithali Raj has thanked the public for a positive response and has said the performance by the team should make the nation proud.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tBut in a year where former England captain Rachael Heyhoe Flint, the driving force in establishing the inaugural Women?s World Cup in 1973 -- which her side won -- died and on a match day where the bell to signal the start of play was rung by 105-year-old Eileen Ash, the oldest living former England women?s international, the hosts held their nerve.?Cricket?s a funny game, and pressure?s a funny thing,? said England captain Heather Knight after a win greeted with the sound of thousands of girls cheering in the stands of a capacity crowd rather than the polite applause usually associated with Lord?s. It?s a World Cup final, we knew if we held our nerve we would be in with a chance but it did feel like it was slipping away at 190 for three. But we fought like hell in this tournament and today was no different.?\r\nAn 18-month-old girl reportedly died on Saturday after a car hit her in Mumbai's Santacruz (West) when she was crossing the road with her mother. The girl was admitted to a hospital for head injuries but was declared dead on admission. The driver was arrested for allegedly causing death due to negligence and sent to judicial custody.\r\n An 18-month-old girl was killed while crossing the road with her mother after a car knocked her down in Santacruz (West) on Saturday. The driver has been arrested and booked for causing death due to negligence.According to the Santacruz police, the incident took place on the southbound stretch of Link Road near Ramkrishna Mission Hospital at around 5pm. The girl, Pooja Pawar, was walking next to her mother Sonabai Pawar when the car moving from Santacruz towards Khar hit her.The girl suffered head injuries and was taken to Bhabha Hospital but was declared dead on admission. Her father Shankar Pawar, 22, sells toys on the road. The police arrested the driver, Dharmendra Mishra, 45, from the spot. He is a driver by profession. His employer?s daughters were in the car.The Pawars have been living on the footpath in Khar (West) for several years and sell toys and flowers for a living. The Santacruz police booked Mishra under sections 304 A (causing death by negligence) and 279 (rash driving)?of the Indian Penal Code. He was not driving under the influence of alcohol. He was produced before a magistrate court and sent to judicial custody.READHit-and-run on Mumbai-Pune expressway: 50-year-old man held from Ratnagiri24-year-old biker killed in hit-and-run in Mumbai\r\nThe Aviation Ministry has issued an order withdrawing the direct runway access given to Rashtriya Janata Dal chief Lalu Yadav and his wife Rabri Devi at the Patna airport, according to reports. The privilege was reportedly withdrawn owing to the fact that neither of the two leaders hold any constitutional post at present. \r\nThe Ministry of Civil Aviation has issued an order withdrawing the special VIP privileges accorded to RJD chief Lalu Yadav and his wife, former Chief Minister of Bihar, Rabri Yadav at Patna airport.The letter, accessed by India Today, is dated 21 July and directed to the Bureau of Civil Aviation, the nodal agency responsible for airport security.This will basically disallow the two leaders from driving up in a vehicle to the aircraft on the tarmac. This privilege was accorded to Lalu Yadav and Rabri Yadav at the Patna airport for close to a decade. In recent years, it had been restricted to Patna airport only. This privilege now stands withdrawn with immediate effect.Sources indicate that this privilege has been withdraw given the fact that neither leader enjoys any constitutional position at present.This latest development could open a fresh round of animosity between the BJP and the Mahagatbandhan, especially after the recent financial investigations against Lalu Yadav and members of his family. ALSO READ:\r\nA 32-year-old man from Chennai who was carrying 2 kg of the drug methaqualone was arrested at Mumbai Airport on Saturday. The Air Intelligence Unit said the accused, set to travel to Malaysia, may have been working for a syndicate. The drugs, worth ?2 crore, were found in his bag and were hidden in a cavity made of cardboard.\r\nThe arrest of a 32-year-old man with around 2kg of drug methaqualone at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport has led to suspicion that he was working for a syndicate, said an officer of Air Intelligence Unit (AIU). The value of the seized drug was Rs2 crore, said the customs department.Suresh Kumar Nagaraja from Chennai was arrested early on Saturday. He was to take a flight to Kuala Lumpur. ?We grew suspicious because he was carrying just one bag, which we decided to scan,? said the officer. A sniffer dog, Urny which is trained to detect drugs, found something suspicious in the bag. Upon examining the bag, the police found that the drugs were hidden in a cavity made of cardboard. Nagarajan was off loaded and questioned which revealed that more people were involved. ?Nagarajan is a carrier, who stayed in a hotel in Dongri. He booked his flight tickets from there,? said the officer.The AIU is investigating the source of the drugs and whether it was meant for his handler in Kuala Lumpur. Sources revealed that there are strict anti-drug laws in Malaysia where the crime can be punished with death. AIU suspects that the Nagarajan may have smuggled drugs earlier too. Last week, Nagarajan and his handler visited Mumbai and stayed in the same hotel in Dongri. He has been sent to judicial custody. On March 26, AIU arrested a woman for carrying 4.9kg of methaqualone.Unconvincing answers nail two fliers with gold valued at ?1.2 croreThe Air Intelligence Unit (AIU)?on?Saturday arrested two Indian-origin women from Singapore and Malaysia at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (CSIA) for trying to smuggle gold worth Rs1.2crore . The gold weighed more than 2kg. A man who was waiting outside the airport was also arrested.The smuggling bid came to light when one of the passengers told officials that she came from Singapore to India for shopping. They were not taken in.The two women were identified as Santaletchmi Superamaniam, 41, from Malaysia, and Magisvary Jairaman, 59, from Singapore. They arrived from Singapore at 3pm. ?We asked Superamaniam about the purpose of her visit. She told us that it was shopping. We didn?t find it convincing,? said a senior officer.Superamaniam?s questioning revealed that she was accompanied by another woman. Subsequently, Jairaman was intercepted, which led to more seizure. ?The passengers were wearing jewelry on their waist and on their hands to avoid suspicion,? said the officer. The passengers revealed that a man was waiting outside the airport to collect the gold from them. He was picked up by a team outside the airport. ?The women are mere carriers and each were to be paid 500 Singapore dollars,? said the officer.The trio was produced before a holiday court on Sunday that has remanded them to judicial custody.\r\nIndian shuttler HS Prannoy won the US Open Grand Prix Gold tournament after defeating Parupalli Kashyap in an all-India final on Sunday. The 25-year-old defeated Kashyap 21-15, 20-22, 21-12  to clinch his third Grand Prix Gold and maiden US Open title. This was the third all-India final this year, after the Singapore Open and Syed Modi International Badminton Championships.\r\nIndian shuttler HS Prannoy clinched the US Open Grand Prix Gold tournament after defeating compatriot Parupalli Kashyap in the final on Sunday.The 25-year old Prannoy showed great determination to clinch his third Grand Prix Gold and maiden US Open title as he defeated Kashyap 21-15, 20-22, 21-12 in a hard-fought encounter.Prannoy had found a place in the final after defeating Vietnam?s Tien Minh Nguyen, while Kashyap overcame Korean Kwang Hee Heo in the semi-finals.READ?|?Jordan Spieth emerges from epic duel to win British Open GolfPrannoy looked quite impressive from the start as he clinched the first game after going 4-8 down early on. The Indian shuttler showed excellent court coverage and he looked quite comfortable against his much experienced opponent.However, the former Commonwealth Games gold medallist Parupalli Kashyap fought back in the second game. He cleverly executed his gameplan and was able to take the match to the decider after winning the second game 22-20. In the third set, it was all Prannoy as the youngster gave no chance to Kashyap and raced to victory with the scoreline reading 21-12.READ?|?Chris Froome wins his fourth Tour de FranceIt has been a good year for the Indian badminton players as last month, Srikanth Kidambi created history by becoming the first Indian to win two successive Superseries titles and by entering three consecutive finals at the Indonesian Open, Singapore Open, and the Australian Open.\r\nA youth in Madhya Pradesh's Shivpuri district was allegedly forced to eat shit after being accused of harassing a girl. He was also beaten up by the girl's family. "Police said forcing to eat excreta is nothing, it is done just to insult someone," he said. The police said both the families tried resolving the issue, but later registered cases.\r\nA youth in Madhya Pradesh's Shivpuri district was allegedly forced to eat shit and also beaten up by a girl's family. The girl's family accused the youth of harassing her.According to the youth Kallu Dhakad, the girl allegedly called him to the fields on July 16.Her family then allegedly thrashed him and forced him to eat excreta. "Police said forcing to eat excreta is nothing, it is done just to insult someone," Kallu Dhakad told ANI. Police said that both the girl's family and the youth are from the same village and the sides first tried to resolve the issue between themselves. "Later, both sides registered cases," said Kamal Maurya, additional superintendent of police, Shivpuri. ALSO READ:No shaving heads, blackening faces: UP's Anti-Romeo squad to return in gentler, 2.0 avatar\xa0\r\nChina opened a cinema hall on Yongxing Island in the disputed South China Sea on Saturday, not far from where an American warship sailed earlier this month. Over 200 residents and soldiers attended an inaugural screening of the Chinese movie 'The Eternity of Jiao Yulu'. Several countries, including the Philippines and Malaysia, have territorial claims over the South China Sea.\r\nChina has opened a modern cinema theatre on Yongxing Island in the disputed South China Sea as part of its plan to establish authority over the area, the state media reported today.Over 200 residents and soldiers watched the Chinese movie 'The Eternity of Jiao Yulu' yesterday at the Sansha Yinlong Cinema, located in Sansha municipality, China's newest city in the South China Sea (SCS)."The cinema will show at least one film every day, so residents and soldiers on Yongxing Island can enjoy films simultaneously with moviegoers across the country," said Gu Xiaojing, general manager of Hainan Media Croup.China has been expanding facilities in the islands under its control encouraging population settlements in the disputed area, where Beijing also built artificial islands some with facilities for garrison as well as airstrip reinforcing its control over the area.Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan have counter claims over the South China Sea.HI-FI TECHNOLOGYThe theatre is equipped with advanced projection equipment, including the latest 4K digital projectors as well as a 3D perforated screen for viewers to indulge in the pleasure of big screen, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.Chen Zijian, general manager of Hainan Film Company, which operates the cinema, said they have also purchased two mobile projection units and plan to screen films for free on more islands within the municipality to meet the demands of residents, it added.The opening of the cinema is part of a plan by local cultural authorities to establish community services on islands under Sansha's jurisdiction.In April last year, Sansha opened its first public library. It also has a stadium and has organised various cultural activities to enrich the lives of residents. Sansha municipality was set up in 2012.Also, a total of 12 Chinese-developed underwater gliders are carrying out scientific observations in the SCS from the research vessel "Kexue" and sending back real-time data.It is the largest group of gliders to perform simultaneous observations in the region.MARITIME SCIENTIFIC EXPEDITIONKexue left Qingdao in east China's Shandong Province last Monday for a maritime scientific expedition and stopped in Xiamen, southeast China to resupply Friday after completing the first part of the mission."The gliders have collected detailed maritime information, including temperature, salinity, turbidity, oxygen levels as well as the intensity and direction of currents," said Yu Jiancheng, a scientist with the programme.The 12 submersible devices will collect comprehensive ocean data over the next month, said Sun Song, another scientist with the programme.\r\nUS President Donald Trump has attacked The New York Times in a tweet, alleging that one of its reports led to the failure of a US bid to capture ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. However, US media suggested Trump was referring to a Fox News report which allegedly leaked information about US efforts to capture Baghdadi.\r\nUS?President Donald Trump on Saturday attacked The New York Times and its ?sick agenda,? alleging that one of the paper?s reports thwarted a US bid to take out Islamic State chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.?The Failing New York Times foiled US attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist, Al-Baghdadi. Their sick agenda over National Security,? Trump wrote in one of a barrage of early morning tweets.Trump did not expand on his charge against The Times, or explain what revelation by the daily is supposed to have hampered Baghdadi?s capture. The New York Times told the Politico news site in a statement: ?We have asked the White House to clarify the tweet.?US media suggested that Trump may have been referring to a Fox News report about comments made by a top general at a security conference on Friday in Aspen, Colorado.At that gathering, General Tony Thomas -- head of the US military?s Special Operations Command -- reportedly said that American forces at one point came ?particularly close? to Baghdadi after a 2015 raid recovered information about the Islamic State group.Fox News reported that Thomas said US troops had ?a very good lead,? on the IS leader?s whereabouts. ?Unfortunately, it was leaked in a prominent national newspaper about a week later and that lead went dead,? Thomas reportedly said at the forum.US Secretary of Defence James Mattis said Friday that he believes Baghdadi is still alive, following various claims in recent months that he has been killed.?We are going after him, but we assume he is alive,? the Pentagon chief said.There have been persistent rumors that Baghdadi has died in recent months.With a $25 million US bounty on his head, Baghdadi has kept a low profile but is rumored to move regularly throughout IS-held territory in Iraq and Syria.The Iraqi -- nicknamed ?The Ghost? -- has not been seen since making his only known public appearance as ?caliph? in 2014 at the Grand Mosque of Al-Nuri in Mosul, which was destroyed in the battle for Iraq?s second city.The Times has become a favorite Trump target despite his penchant for reaching out to the daily, including this week, when he gave its reporters a major interview in which he criticized his own Attorney General Jeff Sessions.In Saturday?s tweetstorm, Trump railed against The Washington Post, which is owned by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, for its ?illegal leaks.??A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post, this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions,? he wrote on Twitter, adding ?These illegal leaks... must stop!?He also groused about some of his favorite targets: the failure of US lawmakers to repeal ?dead? Obamacare, Democratic ?obstructionists? and alleged ?ties to Russia? by Hillary Clinton, his defeated opponent in last year?s presidential election.\r\nMaharashtra and Rajasthan recorded the highest number of cases of child marriage, according to a National Commission for Protection of Child Rights' report. Of the 70 districts identified with high incidents of child marriage, 17 are in Maharashtra, followed by 13 in Rajasthan. Notably, 326 child marriages were reported in 2016, up from the 293 cases in 2015.\r\nLatest government data show that Maharashtra tops the list in child marriage, followed by Rajasthan. Some 17 districts of Maharashtra, including Latur, Mumbai and Pune have reported high instances of child marriage. In Rajasthan, 13 districts, including Jaipur, Ajmer and Bhilwara, have reported increasing incidents of child marriage.The figures, highlighting the prevalence of child marriage, were stated by MoS, women and child development, Krishna Raj in answer to questions posed in Lok Sabha. The data was collected by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights for analysing the situation of child marriages in India based on Census 2011. Some 70 districts out of 640 were identified with high instances of child marriage by the Commission.As compared to 280 in 2014 and 293 in 2015, incidents of child marriage have shot up to 326 in the last year. The situation remains grim in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka which also witnessed a spike in child marriage in the last three years.\r\nThe Maharashtra government has lifted the ban on the sale of paan masala until a single-member committee decides on the matter. Public health experts urged the government to reconsider its decision adding that paan masala is harmful to health and permitting its sale was shocking. Notably, Maharashtra had banned paan masala in 2014.\r\nThe ban on sale of flavoured areca nut ? pan masala ? has been revoked by the state government from July 21, according to a circular by the state Food and Drug Administration (FDA) dated July 17.The letter by the FDA states  that a single-member committee  will be formed to look into the ban on areca nut  and till their decision is known, its sale will be permitted. Meanwhile, the ban on gutka, in force since 2013, will continue. The state?s move has angered public health experts fighting against the  sale of products that have cancer causing agents. ?Areca nut is a known carcinogen. It is present in pan masala, the sale of which was banned, but now the government is reconsidering it, which is shocking,? said professor Pankaj Chaturvedi, Tata Memorial Hospital who treats head and neck cancers.?The World Health Organisation and several studies in India have proven beyond doubt that pan masala causes serious health hazards including mouth and throat cancer. All the research material has already been submitted to the FDA several times for the past 5 years. Our state is bound to become a laughing stock if the ban isn?t continued,? he added.Incidentally, Maharashtra was the first state to ban gutka in July 2013. A year later, a ban on pan masala was brought in force.Dr Pallavi Garade, food safety commissioner, FDA, could not be reached despite numerous attempts, however an FDA official who did not wish to be named told HT that the decision to reconsider the ban on the sale of scented areca nut was taken as there was growing pressure from lobbyists. ?There were several appeals made to the CM (chief minister), regarding the ban on areca nut,? he added. Dr Kailash Sharma, director (Academics) Tata Memorial Hospital said in a letter to the state, ?We sincerely urge you to continue the ban on flavoured chewing tobacco and flavoured supari (Pan Masal) permanently to save our future generations. Currently, the ban is applicable for only one year and it has to be renewed annually.\r\nAfter 19 Mumbai suburban railway stations were equipped with free WiFi earlier this month, the authorities said they were receiving complaints of non-commuters and miscreants using the facility to watch porn. Reportedly, officials now plan to urge the service providing agency, RailTel, to shut the WiFi post-midnight or after the departure of the last train from the stations.\r\nFree WiFi access at suburban railway stations in the city has become a headache for railway authorities, with non-commuters and miscreants using the facility to watch porn during the night.?We have received complaints that the WiFi on stations is being used for wrong reasons,? said Aarti Singh Parihar, Senior Division Commercial Manager, Western Railway. ?Frequent complaints have been received particularly at Mumbai Central station.?Railway officials now plan to urge RailTel, the agency providing the service, to shut the WiFi after midnight or after the last suburban train departs from the stations. ?The department will be approaching RailTel regarding this,? said Parihar.They also plan to ask RailTel to devise methods to prevent misuse of the facility at stations from where outstation trains depart. ?Several non-commuters are found inside stations using the free WiFi to watch porn. The Railway Protection Force (RPF) drives them out, but they somehow manage to sneak in again,? said a railway official.Recently, 19 stations were provided with the facility. These include Mumbai Central, Chembur, Ghatkopar, Kurla, Thane, Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT), Bandra Terminus, Vashi, Kalyan, Panvel, Borivli, Churchgate, Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus, Byculla, Khar Road, Dadar (Central Railway), Dadar (Western Railway), Andheri and Bandra.\r\nOver four lakh saplings have been planted by the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) as a part of its green drive which began earlier this month. The NDMC aims to plant a total of 10 lakh indigenous trees such as babul, ber, amaltas, and peepal this monsoon. Central Delhi's resident welfare associations and market associations joined the drive this week.\r\nCentral Delhi RWAs and market associations joined New Delhi Municipal Council?s (NDMC) mega green drive this week.On Saturday, around 50,000 saplings of indigenous trees, which included fruit, timber, herbal, shrubs and ornamental ones, were planted. ?Till date, over four lakh saplings have already been planted in different localities while the target fixed for the current monsoon season is 10 lakh,? a council official said.NDMC ? which looks after the Capital?s high-profile neighbourhoods housing the elite, embassies, top markets, and fancy restaurants ? is conducting weekly drives at big gardens, at the side of wide roads, local parks and government offices and quarters. On Saturday, the afforestation drive focused on colony parks and saw residents and members of market welfare associations participating.NDMC chairperson Naresh Kumar, who took part in the plantation drive at Ravinder Nagar colony near Khan Market, said it was a simple but positive step taken by RWAs to arrest the deterioration of ecological balance not only in the capital city but the whole world.?The green cover of any area not only attracts rainfall but also acts like the green lungs. It is the need of hour. We need to plant as many trees as possible and nurture them like our own children,? Kumar said.According to him, the idea behind the plantation drive undertaken by the NDMC during the monsoon season was to systematically engage stakeholders from all walks of life in New Delhi area.In this year?s plantation drive, the focus is on indigenous trees such as babul, ber, amaltas, keekar and peepal, which are native to the city and flourish in this weather. The horticulture department is also planting seasonal flowers such as jacaranda, gulmohar and champa, which will give a boost to the aesthetic beauty of .The NDMC area, a leafy VIP zone in the city?s heart, is home to a mere 1.5% of the Capital?s 16.78 million people and cover 3% of the city. But it has nearly 48% of the city?s green cover, which the council now aims to improve to 50%.The council maintains 1,450-acre green area, seven major parks in its area like Central Park, Lodhi Garden, Talkatora Garden, Nehru Park, Sanjay Jheel, two rose gardens on Shanti Path, 122 colony parks, six nurseries, 981 CPWD parks, 51 roundabouts, 14 markets gardens and about 15,000 avenue trees.\r\nGanesh mandals across Mumbai have been demanding that noise norms in Silent Zones of the city should be relaxed for Ganeshotsav. Silent Zones are areas within 100 metres of hospitals, courts, educational or religious institutions where noise levels must not exceed 45 decibels. Notably, the state government has also asked for relaxation of Silence Zones norms ahead of the festival.\r\nDemands from  mandals to do away with silence zones are growing louder across the city. The  Brihanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvay Samiti (BSGSS), the umbrella body of Ganesh mandals, has asked mandals to speak to MPs and MLAs in their constituencies to push the Centre to abolish silence zones, as an amendment to the noise rules. BSGSS? decision comes a day after HT reported the state asked the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change to remove the concept of silence zones from the Noise Pollution (Control and Regulation) Rules, 2000, ahead of this year?s festivals.Silence zones are areas within a 100m radius of hospitals, courts, educational or religious institutions where noise levels must not exceed 45 decibels (dB) and 40dB during the day and night. There are 1,537 silence zones in the city.BSGSS members told HT they welcomed the state government?s move and that they will ensure this year?s festivals don?t have as many restrictions as those in previous years. ?We are happy CM  Fadnavis kept his promise to relax noise norms for Ganeshotsav. We are not against anti-noise campaigners; we just want to celebrate the festival with all the fervour it deserves,? said Naresh Dahibhavkar, president, BSGSS. ?These rules affect our daily aarti (prayers),? he said. Dahibhavkar said Ganesh mandals in the state were told to reach out MPs and MLAs as the Centre needs to be ?pressurised for the amendment to happen?. ?If the silence zone rule is not abolished, we will ask the state government to do away the zones through a notification, for the 10 days of the festival,? said Dahibhavkar. Noise rules have been blatantly violated in Mumbai over the years.  Last year, noise levels during Ganpati reached 116.4 dB. In 2015, noise levels reached 123.7 dB (as loud as a thunderclap). The WHO has said long-term exposure to noise levels between 85db and 90db leads to hearing loss.Anti-noise campaigners were shocked with the state?s decision and the mandals? demand. ?The state, through its actions, is inciting mandals to cause grievous harm to citizens,? said Sumaira Abdulali, convener, Awaaz Foundation.  ?Instead of encouraging mandals to obey the law, respect the health and rights of others, the state is leading them in harming patients, the elderly.?After the state?s decision, Yeshwant Oke, the activist who registered the first noise pollution case in Mumbai in the HC, started an online petition that has already got 350 signatures. \r\nAfter banning maids from entering the society following protests over an allegedly missing maid, Noida's Mahagun Moderne Society has reportedly allowed them to resume work. It was earlier decided that maids who participated in the protest will not be allowed to resume work, but many maids were reportedly hired again after the residents took responsibility for them.\r\nResidents of Mahugan Moderne housing complex who had decided not to allow the domestic helps who had stormed the society and taken part in the protest on July 12, have gone back on their decision due to dependence on helps.Many residents have rehired helps who were caught throwing stones and creating a ruckus in the society on July 12.On July 16, residents had decided that around 60 helps caught on camera supporting the mob would be banned. It was decided that only those domestic helps who did not take part in the protest and share a good rapport with their employers would be allowed to resume work.However, the unity among the residents which was appreciated by many seems to have come to an end. Many have now hired those who took part in the events, after giving an undertaking, in writing, that they would take the responsibility of the domestic help in case of any problem.?Yes, few residents have hired helps, whom we banned, after giving an undertaking. It?s their decision and we can?t interfere with that. We are, again, verifying the documents of all the helps working in the society to avoid any issue in the future,? said Alam Negi, an official from JLL, a firm providing services to the apartment.Harshu Sethi, a resident who faced severe criticism after allegations surfaced that she had assaulted Zora Bibi, her domestic help, said that working people are dependent on helps for their daily chores.?These days, both women and men are busy with work and are dependent on helps. I don?t blame them for hiring banned helps because it?s not possible to bring around 2,000 families on the same platform. People who haven?t faced a situation like mine will never understand what I had to go through,? said Sethi.?I was saved by around 200 families from the society. Around 1,000 families are still united in their decision to not hire banned helps,? she said.On July 13, the society had banned all helps from entering the premises to protest against the ?hooliganism? created by supporters of Zora Bibi. All the residents had come together and decided to manage without domestic helps till they come up with a permanent solution to avoid such incidents in the future.Residents faced a riot-like situation on July 12, when a mob stormed into the society premises and vandalised Harshu Sethi?s house. Over 300 people had gathered at the gates of the Mahagun Moderne around 6am, alleging that Harshu had assaulted Zora. The crowd had managed to overpower the security guards and forcefully entered the premises. Harshu?s house was ransacked by the mob.\r\nThe Gurugram Police on Thursday arrested a man belonging to the Rewari-based 'Aloo' gang for allegedly possessing illegal arms and recovered two country-made pistols and 12 live cartridges. He was reportedly in Sohna to murder a member of the rival 'Jhota' gang. The 'Aloo' gang is wanted for several cases of murder and attempted murder.\r\nA man arrested by the city police?s crime branch on Thursday night for allegedly possessing illegal arms has turned out to be a member of Rewari?s Aloo gang.On Thursday, the crime team of Sohna police was patrolling the area near Bhondsi during a night-domination exercise when they received information that a member of the Aloo gang was somewhere between Bhondsi and Sohna, the police said.?The team started patrolling in the specific area near Mahendrawada village and found a man wandering on the street. On spotting the police vehicle, he tried to hide,? said Ravinder Kumar, public relations officer (PRO), Gurgaon police.He said that when the police started questioning him, they found his replies suspicious. ?When they searched him, two countrymade pistols and 12 live cartridges were found from his possession,? Kumar said.The man, identified as Rewari resident Kamal alias Palti, was detained and taken to Bhondsi police station. There, a case under Arms Act was registered and he was arrested.During further questioning, it was revealed that he was a member of the Aloo gang and that the gang was involved in a double murder in Rewari on June 27.?He also confessed that he and his gang members were involved in at least two other attempt to murder cases in Rewari and were wanted for other petty crimes as well,? the PRO said.Kamal was out on bail since January and has been involved in various crimes in the district since then, police said.According to police sources, he had to come to Sohna on?Thursday to murder a member of the rival Jhota gang.The Rewari police has been informed of the arrest. ?Kamal and other members of the Aloo gang are wanted in at least three cases, including the double murder case. The Rewari police will now take over the investigation,? Kumar said.\r\nAn activist has launched an online petition to save over 1,700 trees in Delhi's Pragati Maidan from being cut down. This comes after an RTI response revealed that the Delhi Forest Department had allowed cutting the trees to construct an exhibition centre. Activists have already raised concerns that 15,000 trees were felled in the Capital over the last three years. \r\nA green activist has launched a petition on change.org to stop the felling of 1713 trees, which are set to make way for the construction of an integrated exhibition-cum-convention centre at Pragati Maidan. The petition had garnered 193 (out of required 200) signatures till Saturday.Hindustan Times had on July 6 highlighted that more than 1,700 trees may be felled to make way for a integrated exhibition-cum-convention centre at Pragati Maidan, according to the reply of an RTI query. Green activists say that the trees to be felled are mostly more than 60 years old.Tree activist Radhika Bhagat, who has started the petition on change.org, says it is a plea to the Union ministry of environment, forests and climate change, Delhi chief minister, environment and forest minister, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the state level Environment Impact Assessment Authority and India Trade Promotion Organization (ITPO) to stall the felling of trees.?This petition is helping bring social recognition on the Pragati Maidan tree cutting issue. A significant number of people have signed it and we want to show the authorities that this matter is crucial to the public and needs attention,? Bhagat told Hindustan Times.Environment activists have already raised concerns and said that more than 15,000 trees have already been felled in the Capital over the last three years. While more than 6,000 were cut in 2014-15, around 4,600 and 4,700 trees were felled in 2015-16 and 2016-17.The petition on change.org says that tree felling will be done right in the heart of the city with several schools, hospitals and residential areas in the vicinity. ?These areas, along with the rest of Delhi-NCR, will suffer from the resulting pollution, that will only worsen. Over the last 3 years , Delhi has already lost 15,000 trees to development and we cannot afford to lose any more,? it says.?Do you feel embarrassed and worried to be living in the most polluted city on our planet?... Are you concerned about your and your dear ones health due to Delhi?s consistently hazardous levels of air quality ?... Here is your chance to take action about this situation by protecting the lungs of Delhi, the trees,? the petition reads.Forest officials have already issued permission for cutting down the 1700 trees around Pragati Maidan as per Delhi Preservation of Trees Act and the required fees has also been deposited.Another Delhi-based environmentalist has started a separate crowdfunding campaign to raise funds for printing costs, lawyer?s and court fee to stall the ?losing 1,713 healthy big trees in the heart of the city that will lead to severe health damage to lakhs of residents?.Advocate Aditya Prasad, who had filed the RTI that revealed the plan to fell these trees, has earlier said, ?They have not got any Environment Impact Assessment clearance but still got permission to cut these trees from the forest department. There is a tree authority, which is supposed to clear these kind of projects, under the Delhi Preservation of Trees Act, 1994. On paper it is there but doesn?t meet or act.?\r\nA 16-year-old Class 10 student on Thursday gave birth to a premature baby girl in her school's washroom in Delhi's Mukherjee Nagar. Neither the girl's parents nor her teachers and classmates were aware of her 26-week pregnancy, reports said. Police said the girl was impregnated by her 51-year-old neighbour, who raped her eight times in as many months.\r\nA 16-year-old Class 10 student allegedly raped by an auto driver for eight months gave birth to a premature girl at her school?s washroom in northwest Delhi?s Mukherjee Nagar on Thursday. Police said the girl was impregnated by the 51-year-old neighbour, who raped her eight times in as many months. The auto driver was arrested on Friday after a case under sections of Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act and the Indian Penal Code (IPC) was registered against him at the Mukherjee Nagar police station. The man, identified as Abdul Gaffar, allegedly admitted to his crime. He claimed said he would pay her Rs 500 to Rs 800 every time he raped her. The girl?s parents or her teachers and classmates were unaware of her 26-week pregnancy. She had been suffering from stomach pain for the past few days.Gaffar had given her abortion pills after he learnt she was pregnant, police said. A police officer said the girl was writing an exam in the school when she developed labour pain. When she complained of stomach pain, the teacher asked her to go to the washroom. Minutes later, the girl delivered a baby girl in the washroom. The school administration informed the girl?s parents, who had no clue how she became pregnant. The authorities rushed the girl and her premature baby to a nearby hospital for medical attention.Milind Dumbre, deputy commissioner of police (northwest), said the condition of the girl and her daughter was out of danger and stable. After the girl gained consciousness, she narrated her ordeal to the police. She said she was being raped by her neighbour for the past eight months. ?Even though her belly had protruded, the family did not suspect anything,? said the officer.The man said after she complained of stomach ache, he gave her abortion pills, which could have created complications, the police said. \r\nMumbai's Byculla zoo on Friday celebrated the second birthday of Mr Molt, one of the eight penguins brought from South Korea. Mr Molt was dressed in a red t-shirt and was presented a 'fish-and-ice' cake. After some activists spoke against dressing up the penguin, the zoo authorities clarified that the penguin wore the shirt just "for a few seconds".\r\nMr. Molt, one of eight Humboldt penguins brought to the Byculla zoo from South Korea, turned 2 on Friday. And the zoo ensured he stood out. Dressed in a red t-shirt, hand-painted with the words Birthday Boy, Mr. Molt strutted across the penguin enclosure, swam, ate his birthday cake and frolicked with the other six Humboldts.Mr Molt takes a break from the group and chills in the pool.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Pratik Chorge/HT Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tTo celebrate, the zoo made Mr.Molt a special cake ? a blast-frozen fish and ice cake for the penguin.Mr. Molt?s special fish-and-ice cake. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT PHOTO)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tEight penguins arrived at the Byculla zoo in July last year. One of them, Dory, died. But ever since the zoo opened the penguin enclosure, the seven others ? Bubble, Mr Molt, Flipper, Donald, Daisy, Popeye and Olive, have stolen hearts. Mr. Molt is the youngest of the seven penguins in the Byculla zoo. All others are aged between 2 and 3 years.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT PHOTO)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe seven penguins have helped bring in more people, and revenue, to the zoo.The penguins are kept in a 1,550-sqft soundproof public exhibit at the zoo.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT PHOTO)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe Humboldt penguin is a south American species found in the cold climate of coastal Peru and Chile. They were all named after famous Disney characters, based on their behaviour. Bubble is the naughtiest and does not let the others eat before she does, and birthday boy Mr Molt, the youngest male, is the most playful of the lot, said zoo officials. Dr. Madhumita Kale gives Mr Molt a check-up on his birthday on Friday.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT PHOTO)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tDr Madhumita Kale, the veterinarian in charge of the penguins, said Mr. Molt got his name because he was molting (shedding his skin, which regenerates on its own every year) when he was brought to the zoo. The oldest penguin, Flipper, is the most dominant and is very protective of her family, said caretakers. Donald and Daisy and Popeye and Olive, were obvious couples and were named so. City-based activists, however, were irked when they got to know Mr Molt was made to wear a t-shirt. ?While activists have been repeatedly telling Mumbai pet owners not to put clothes on dogs as it raises their body temperature, here we have specialists from the civic body torturing penguins like this,? said Anand Siva, animal welfare activist from Chembur. ?By putting a shirt on its body, the body temperature is being trapped and since these birds are kept in a cool climate, they can suffocate.?Zoo authorities said the penguin was made to wear the shirt for just a few seconds. ?It was done under proper supervision of the doctor. It was for a few seconds and removed after that. All the penguins are healthy. We know the rules and the systems to take care of them,? said Dr Sanjay Tripathi, Byculla Zoo director. Humboldt quick factsWhat do they eat? They were first fed fish such as Bombay duck and eel. But they also eat mackerel, anchovies and sardinesWhat do the vets wear? Full lab coats, gum boots, face masks and head caps, mostly to prevent infecting the penguins or catching infections from themWhere do they come from? The Humboldt penguin is a south American species from coastal Peru and Chile.Play time? The animals play with colourful balls. ?Bubble and Mr Molt drag all the other penguins into the pool, the younger ones get bored and chase the whole family out. They enjoy having the pool to themselves,? said Dr Kale. \r\nA two-year-old boy was attacked and killed by a leopard while he was out for a walk with his family on Saturday in Mumbai. The boy was grabbed and taken away by the leopard while the elders were walking ahead, officials said. He was brought to a hospital where doctors declared him dead and said he died of blood loss.\r\nA two-year-old boy was attacked and killed by a leopard on Saturday evening, close to Film City in Goregaon (East).The Mumbai forest range said the incident took place around 5.30pm at Moracha Pada, near the helipad at Aarey. Vihaan Nilesh Garuda, the son of a Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP) staffer Nilesh Garuda, suffered injuries on his neck and was rushed to the Hindu Hruday Samrat Balasaheb Thackeray Trauma Care Municipal Hospital at Jogeshwari, where he was declared dead.?The incident took place when Vihaan was with 15 members of his family. They had come for an evening walk to Aarey. As the elders walked ahead, Vihaan was grabbed by the leopard and taken away within seconds,? said Sameer Inamdar, round forest officer, Mumbai forest range. ?The family searched for him and found the leopard had left the boy?s body a few metres from where it grabbed him.?Inamdar said the body was badly bruised and Vihaan died of blood loss. ?The leopard did not eat any part of Vihaan?s body,? Inamdar said.Forest officers said a complete investigation will be done.?This is probably the first time the kin of a forest staffer has been attacked in Mumbai. We will go back to the site and trace the incident to understand what exactly happened,? said Santosh Kank, range forest officer, Mumbai.This is the fourth leopard attack this year.On May 29, a four-year-old boy, a resident of Royal Palms in Aarey Colony, was attacked by a leopard. On March 17, a three-year-old boy was attacked near Khadakpada, a tribal hamlet inside the forests of Aarey Milk Colony. The boy escaped with injuries on his chest and throat after local residents scared the leopard away. On May 21, a three-year-old boy was saved by his mother after she snatched him away from the claws of a leopard that had pounced on him in Chafyachapada, Aarey. \r\nA 57-year-old yoga teacher died on Saturday, three days after a tree fell on her head during her morning walk in Mumbai's Chembur. The woman, a former anchor with Doordarshan, was admitted to a hospital with head injuries but didn't survive. The authorities allegedly didn't take action even after the locals had asked them to cut down the tilted tree.\r\nA coconut tree collapsed on a 57-year-old in woman in Chembur area of Mumbai on Thursday. The woman identified as Kanchan Nath, was out for a morning walk when the incident took place.Nath was a yoga teacher and also an ex-anchor with Doordarshan. The gruesome incident was captured by the CCTV installed in the vicinity. Passersby rushed to help her and took her to a local hospital.She was admitted in the ICU for head injury, but succumbed this morning at 3 AM.Very shocking details have come forward after the incident. It is learnt that locals had already made complaint to BMC to cut the tree as it was leaning towards ground. A local said, "After our complaint, BMC officials came to the spot and inspected the tree. They came to conclusion that the tree is fine and will stand for another ten years. However just after the inspection this incident took place."Nath's husband Rajat speaking to India Today said, "Because of the negligence of some officials my wife lost her life. A case should be registered for murder charges against the officials. The incident took place very early morning, if it was little an hour late so many school children use that road, they could have come under it."\r\nOver 3,900 illegal websites were shut down by China's Internet watchdogs from April to June this year, according to reports. The websites included those that published content which jeopardised national security, and those that spread violence, vulgarity or ungrounded rumours, Cyberspace Administration of China said.  Notably, China operates the world's largest Internet censorship regime.\r\nBy K J M Varma Beijing, Jul 23 (PTI) A total of 3,918 illegal websites were shut down by Chinas Internet watchdogs from April to June this year, official media reported today. The websites included those that published content that jeopardised national security, and those that spread violence, vulgarity or ungrounded rumours, according to the statement by the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC) issued last night. \r\nNDA Vice Presidential nominee Venkaiah Naidu on Sunday said that Pakistan should "recall what happened in 1971," and focus on their own country and maintain peace there. "Pakistan is mixing terrorism with religion. It has unfortunately become Pakistan's state policy," he added. India had won the 13-day war against Pakistan in 1971, which resulted in the liberation of Bangladesh. \r\nHitting out at Pakistan-sponsored terrorism, National Democratic Alliance (NDA) vice-presidential nominee M Venkaiah Naidu asked Islamabad on Sunday to recall the 1971 war and said aiding and abetting terror will not help them.Addressing Kargil Parakram Parade in New Delhi, Naidu said terrorism is the enemy of humanity, it has no religion and it has unfortunately become Pakistan?s state policy.?Our neighbour should understand that aiding and abetting terror will not help them, they should recall what happened in 1971 and should focus on their own country and maintain peace there. Terrorism is the enemy of humanity, it has no religion. Pakistan is mixing terrorism with religion. It has unfortunately become Pakistan?s state policy,? he added.He further said Kashmir is an integral part of India and not an ?inch? of it will be allowed to be taken.?We are a peace loving people, we never attacked any country and this is our specialty. We don?t want war, we don?t want confrontation, we don?t want violence we want to have peace, we also want to have good relation with the neighbours but they should also reciprocate the same. They should remember that Kashmir is an integral part of India and not an inch of even PoK will be allowed to be taken by anybody,? the Union Minister said.He also squarely blamed Pakistan for funding terrorism and influencing the situation in Kashmir.?Ours is a peace loving country. We never want war. But when this highly coveted peace is denied to us, our brave soldiers respond in a befitting manner. We are too strong to lose our focus to country?s development and betterment of the country,? he said. The NDA nominee said on this day we should recall the valour of our brave soldiers and their sacrifices which got us back the Kargil heights.The Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 was a military confrontation between India and Pakistan that occurred during the liberation war in East Pakistan, from 3 December 1971 to the fall of Dacca (Dhaka) on 16 December 1971. The war began with preemptive aerial strikes on 11 Indian air stations that led to the commencement of hostilities with Pakistan and Indian entry into the war of independence in East Pakistan on the side of Bengali nationalist forces.\r\nGay men in England will be allowed to donate blood three months after having sex instead of a year, under equalities reforms announced by the government. The reforms will come into force in early 2018. Notably, a lifetime ban had been imposed on gay and bisexual men donating blood across the UK during the 1980s AIDS crisis.\r\nBlood donation restrictions for gay men and sex workers are to be relaxed in England and Scotland under a series of equalities reforms announced by the government. Gay men will be allowed to donate blood three months after sexual intercourse instead of a year. Sex workers, who were previously banned from donating, will be subject to the same three-month rule.Advances in testing for blood-borne viruses, including hepatitis B and C and HIV, prompted the advisory committee on the safety of blood, tissues and organs to recommend the reforms to the government, which ministers accepted.Fears over infections being passed on through donations from gay men led to an outright ban at the height of the Aids epidemic, but that was cut to 12 months in 2011. The rule changes on blood donations will be implemented from November in Scotland, and early 2018 in England.Transgender people will also be able to choose their legal sex more easily as part of the equalities reforms announced by Justine Greening. ?This government is committed to building an inclusive society that works for everyone, no matter what their gender or sexuality, and today we?re taking the next step forward,? the education and equalities secretary said.?We will build on the significant progress we have made over the past 50 years, tackling some of the historic prejudices that still persist in our laws and giving LGBT people a real say on the issues affecting them.?Reforms making it easier for transgender people to chose their sex legally, by removing the need for a medical diagnosis of gender dysphoria and speeding up the bureaucratic process, will go out to consultation in the autumn.Greening said she wanted to reduce the stigma faced by trans people, who have to provide evidence that they have been in transition for at least two years before they can apply to change their gender legally.Theresa May indicated earlier this week that she was preparing to reform the Gender Recognition Act, saying: ?When it comes to rights and protections for trans people, there is still a long way to go.?The reforms have been widely welcomed by LGBT campaigners. Ethan Spibey, founder of FreedomToDonate, which campaigns against blood donation restrictions for gay and bisexual men, said: ?Today?s announcement from the government marks a world-leading blood donation policy for gay and bisexual men and the other groups previously restricted. I?m so proud that the work of FreedomToDonate and our supporters will help ensure more people than ever before are allowed to safely donate blood.?I began this campaign because I wanted to repay the donor who saved my granddad?s life after a major operation, and this announcement means I?m closer than ever to doing that, with the invaluable help of our team of volunteers, and the charities and organisations FreedomToDonate represents.?Suzanna Hopwood, a member of the Stonewall trans advisory group, said: ?Reform is one of the key priorities in our vision for removing the huge inequalities that trans people face in the UK. The current system is demeaning and broken. It?s vital that this reform removes the requirements for medical evidence and an intrusive interview panel, and finally allows all trans people to have their gender legally recognised through a simple administrative process. That?s what we?ll be calling for during this consultation, and I?m looking forward to seeing the law change soon after.?\r\nTomatoes are reportedly being protected by armed guards in Indore after prices soared due to a shortage. Farmers in Madhya Pradesh had dumped tomatoes on the roads earlier this year after a bumper production brought its price down, which then led to the shortage. Marketplace officials reportedly appointed six armed guards for protecting tomatoes after receiving requests from businessmen.\r\nWith half-a-dozen armed security guards around a truck, you would think it is carrying some precious cargo like jewellery or electronic goods. But it is actually carrying only tomatoes.With tomato prices going through the roof, there is a scramble to procure whatever is available and the risk of theft has increased.Ironically, many farmers in Madhya Pradesh dumped tomatoes on the roads after a bumper production brought its price to lower than Re 1 per kg about a month ago. But now it is the most expensive vegetable and at Indore?s Devi Ahilya Bai Holker vegetable mandi.The sudden shortage has meant that the vegetable is being quoted at Rs 100 per kg.?Security of tomatoes with its skyrocketing prices is of considerable concern for wholesalers. Thieves attacked a tomato laden truck and looted 2600 kg tomatoes in Mumbai on July 15. This has added to Indore businessmen?s concerns,? said Santosh Narang, a wholesaler of the mandi. Read more:  Guard the tomatoes you buy, stock worth ?70,000 stolen in MumbaiTo keep the tomatoes safe, the businessmen asked for security arrangements from the mandi administration, which appointed half a dozen armed guards. The guards are also providing security inside the mandi during market hours.Officials said more than 11 trucks arrived in the mandi on Saturday. Mandi inspector Ramesh Sawadiya said, ?The businessmen had given a letter demanding proper security arrangements particularly during unloading of trucks laden with tomatoes. The guards have been deployed after that request.?\r\nActress Taapsee Pannu has said that it was intimidating to meet big stars like actors Amitabh Bachchan and Salman Khan at social events for the first time. She added, "We have grown up watching Salman so we have this wow image about him." Notably, Taapsee and Amitabh were seen together in the 2016 courtroom drama 'Pink'. \r\nTaapsee Pannu, who will be seen alongside superstar Salman Khan in a song in Judwaa 2, says it is important to work with top actors as they have higher market value. The second instalment of 1997 hit film Judwaa has cameo of Salman and he recently shot for a song with Varun Dhawan, Jacqueline Fernandez and Taapsee. ?It is essential to work with actors or actress including Khans or not Khans as they have a higher market value. They have certain appeal with the masses and we will be able to get that attention from people, we gain from that,? said Taapsee.The actor said she met Salman, 51, for the first time while shooting the song and the actor was sweet to her. ?I got to meet him for the first time (while shooting for the song). He was leaving from his shot and I was going to enter. I just saw him walking pass by me I went up to him and told him ?Hi Salman sir I am Taapsee Pannu? and he said ?Hi?. I met him again at the IIFA event and greeted him, he was sweet to me,? she said.Taapsee, 29, said she gets intimidated when she has to meet top stars as she has grown up watching them. ?I don?t go to social do?s so I had not met him. It was a very intimidating feeling be it when you meet Mr Amitabh Bachchan or Salman Khan or any of the big stars. It may sound wrong but we have grown up watching Salman so we have this wow image about him,? she added.The Pink actor said she now wants to do a full fledged film with Salman. Off camera, Taapsee revealed the Sultan star often cracked jokes and shared anecdotes of his Judwaa days. ?When we were in the room Salman had some really funny moments to share about his experience of Judwaa. We three including me, Jacqueline and Varun were just listening. With the life and career that he has, he has some interesting anecdotes to share I hope I get to hear more of that.?After intense drama films like Pink, Naam Shabana, Judwaa 2 is a welcome change for Taapsee. ?For the last six months I am dancing, getting ready, having fun, big sets, big director, producer, feeling like a Bollywood heroine. I am in Bollywood diva zone. I was enjoying the fruits of my hardwork for these six months. After this I get back to some serious stuff,? she said.Presented by Fox Star Studios and Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment, the film is set to release on September 29. It is directed by David Dhawan. \r\nThe Maharashtra government is reportedly planning to start operations at 9 city airports under the Centre?s Regional Connectivity Scheme, to make travel to smaller cities easier. Connectivity will be provided to Nanded, Solapur, Kolhapur, Jalgaon, Nashik, Ratnagiri, Sindhudurg, Gondia, and Amravati. Incentives like free security will be made available to the airports to make them viable.\r\nIn one year, nine airports in small cities across the state could start operations. The new airports will make travel to smaller cities easier and affordable. The Maharashtra government is planning to get the nine airports working under the Centre?s regional connectivity scheme. The state has tied up with aircraft carriers for airports at Nanded, Solapur, Kolhapur and Jalgaon, and has started operation of one route at Nanded airport. It is also planning to connect Nashik, Ratnagiri, Sindhudurg, Gondia and Amravati under the scheme, and is offering a host of incentives to make services to these airports viable.?We plan to start services at all nine airports in the next one year. TruJet, which is operating services at Nanded airport, has started a Nanded-Hyderabad flight, and plans to start a Mumbai sector by September,? said Valsa Nair Singh, the principal secretary in charge of civil aviation in the state government. READ: Mumbai?s new airport comes at a cost: 72 Wankhede stadiums of mangroves?We also hope to begin services at Jalgaon, Solapur and Kolhapur in the next two or three months.? For the Jalgaon, Solapur and Kolhapur airports, the state has tied up with Air Deccan, which won the bid the Union Ministry of Civil Aviation floated to operate services from these airports. ?The next stage of bidding is scheduled in September,? Singh said.The state will also provide security and fire services to the airports free of charge, give a concession on water charges and provide any land required for expansion free of charge. As it cannot directly underwrite seats for airlines, the state is in talks with industry bodies such as the Confederation of Indian Industries, to give aircraft carriers a kind of a guarantee their executives will fly these sectors.The Maharashtra Airport Development Corporation owns and operates Amravati and Solapur airports; Gondia and Jalgaon airports are under Airports Authority of India; Indian Coast Guard and HAL own and operate Ratnagiri and Nashik airports. MIDC owns Nanded, Kolhapur, and Sindhudurg. These are operated by Reliance, AAI and IRB.\r\nThe police on Saturday arrested three persons from a gang of five alleged criminals in Greater Noida, after a shootout in which one of them was injured and two managed to flee. The police had acted on a tip-off and discovered later that the gang from Bulandshahr, was involved in a robbery in Noida's Kasna this month.\r\nThe police arrested three persons after a shoot-out with a gang of five alleged criminals in Sigma-1 area of Greater Noida on Saturday morning. One of the accused got injured and two managed to flee.Those arrested have been identified as Kapil, Dinesh and Bhura, alias Prashant, all residents of Bulandshahr. Prashant suffered a bullet injury to his leg during the exchange of fire. He was rushed to the hospital after the trio was arrested.The police, acting on a tip-off, had laid a trap in Sigma-1 to apprehend the five persons, against whom there are several pending cases. This was a part of the drive by the Gautam Budh Nagar police to arrest all accused and criminals in the district.After making the arrest, the police came to know that the group was responsible for a robbery that took place on July 17 in Kasna.An 18-year-old man was robbed of Rs16 lakh in Swarn Nagri area of Greater Noida in the afternoon of July 17 by three young men on a bike.According to the police, Anuj Bhati, a resident of village Sikanderabad in Greater Noida works as a collection agent for a company. After collecting the cash from a customer of the company in Swarn Nagri, he was on way to Pari Chowk when he was robbed by the trio.The accused, who were on a bike, pushed Bhati?s bike. When the victim fell, one of the accused snatched his bag which had cash in it and fled. Bhati then called the police helpline and lodged a complaint. He informed the police that the accused were aged between 23-27 years.?The arrested persons have a history of criminal cases against them. In 2016, the group had looted a tempo in the Dadri jurisdiction,? Jitendra Kumar, station house officer, Kasna police station, said.The police recovered Rs4.20 lakh, two countrymade pistols, four live cartridges, one knife and two bikes from the accused. The police have also launched a manhunt to nab the two accused who fled.\r\nThe Women and Child Development Ministry has proposed that it should be compulsory for both boys and girls to study home science and physical education in school, in order to promote gender sensitivity. The ministry reportedly made several other recommendations aimed at redefining gender roles starting at a young age and creating new employment opportunities for women. \r\nBoys may have to compulsorily study home science at schools if a draft proposal prepared by the Women and Child Development Ministry is approved by the Union Cabinet.The draft National Policy for Women, 2017, approved recently by a group of ministers has been sent to the Cabinet, according to a ministry spokesperson.The draft makes several recommendations seemingly aimed at redefining gender roles starting at a young age, creating new employment opportunities for women as well as providing tax relief to them.The draft policy proposes that the HRD Ministry redesign school curriculum to promote gender sensitivity as well as make home science and physical education compulsory for both girls and boys.It also seeks to encourage working women and proposes pay parity, tax exemption for women-only organisations, mandatory daycare centres in corporates and commercial zones as well as housing complexes.The proposal also offers tax relief to widows and divorced women.The draft policy also recommends promoting women drivers for school buses, a move that is not only likely to generate employment opportunities for women but also expected to curb sexual crimes against school students.The policy is being revised after a gap of more than 15 years. The last policy came in 2001.An initial draft was first issued in May 2016 following which the Prime Minister?s Office (PMO) constituted a group of ministers, which suggested some changes.Making the initial draft public last year, WCD Minister Maneka Gandhi had said the aim of the government was to shift from entitlements to rights and from empowerment to creating an enabling environment for women. \r\nThe Bombay High Court has directed the Maharashtra government to frame a comprehensive policy to regulate adventure sports in the state within three months. This came after petitioners claimed that the existing government resolution regulating adventure sports across Maharashtra was not being implemented effectively and that several provisions of the resolution were 'impractical'.\r\nWhile the safety of citizens is ?of paramount consideration?, the state must also promote and ?not discourage adventure sports?, the Bombay high court said. The HC has now asked the Maharashtra government to come up with a fresh, comprehensive policy to regulate adventure sports in the state.A bench of justice Naresh Patil and justice Bharati Dangre asked the government to come up with such a policy in the three months.The bench was hearing a public interest litigation highlighting inadequacies in a government resolution (GR), notified by the state in 2014, to regulate adventure sports across Maharashtra. The GR was issued in compliance with a previous HC order that had asked the state to evolve rules and guidelines to regulate adventure sports. This HC order came after a plea by the parents of a young trekker who died of a respiratory disorder during a Himalayan expedition .Earlier this month, however, a bunch of adventure sports enthusiasts and organisers brought to the court?s notice through their PIL that the GR ?  meant to lay down guidelines and instructions for registration of organisations, agents and people who undertake adventure sports activities such as trekking, mountaineering, skiing, snowboarding, handgliding and paragliding ? was not being implemented effectively.The petitioners said several provisions of the GR, especially those pertaining to registration, were ?impractical?. The PIL said the government was yet to constitute the mandatory supervisory committees at the divisional and district levels across the state, as it had failed to identify a ?sufficient number of experts who could supervise the implementation of the GR?.The state government told the court it was aware of the inadequacies in the GR and had decided to revise it. But this revision has been pending since April 2015 owing to a ?difference of opinion between the state tourism department and the sports department?, it said. The HC has now asked the principal secretaries of the departments concerned  to sort out these differences and come up with a revised policy. The HC is likely to hear the matter again in eight weeks.\r\nThe Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation plans to install 1,100 water vending machines at 450 railway stations in 2017-18. A 300 ml glass of water from these machines will cost ?1, while a litre will cost ?5 and two litres will cost ?8. This is aimed at ensuring availability of clean drinking water at low cost at the stations.\r\nThe Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) plans to install 1,100 water vending machines at 450 stations in 2017-2018 as part of its efforts to ensure clean drinking water at low cost in rail premises across the country.A glass of 300 ml water dispensed through these machines will cost just Re 1.The railway ministry in a series of tweets said on?Sunday these water vending machines (WVMs) will provide clean drinking water at low cost, and that the initiative will help in generating employment for around 2,000 people.At present, there are 1,106 WVMs at 345 stations in the country, the ministry said.The project of setting up WVMs was initiated in 2015 with an objective of providing potable water at nominal rates.Water is dispensed through the provision of Reverse Osmosis (RO) in these machines. The WVMs are operated round-the-clock either manually or via automatic mode.The water dispensed through these machines will be much cheaper than bottled mineral water, the ministry said.While a glass of half a litre water will cost Rs 3, a litre will be available Rs 5, two litres for Rs 8 and a can for Rs 20. \r\nDuring his farewell speech on Sunday, outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee said that he was a creation of the Parliament. "The Parliament gave a direction to my political vision as I got to learn a lot from the serious discussions held in both Houses of the Parliament," he added. Notably, the first parliamentary session he attended was on July 22, 1969.\r\nPresident Pranab Mukherjee hailed on Sunday India?s democracy and Parliament in particular, delivering an emotional farewell speech at the Central Hall where he urged lawmakers to ?debate, discuss and dissent? but not disrupt. (President?s speech: Full text)Mukherjee, the 13th President of India, will leave the Rashtrapati Bhawan on Tuesday when his successor Ram Nath Kovind is sworn in.?I strived to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution, not just in word but also in spirit,? Mukherjee said, reflecting upon his time as India?s titular head of state that began in 2012.The President has raised eyebrows last year when he ordered the dismissal of the Uttarakhand government.Mukherjee spent 37 years as a Congress member in Parliament, where, he said on Sunday, ?realised how disruption hurts the opposition more than the government as it denies them the opportunity to raise the concerns of the people,? the President said.The monsoon session of Parliament currently underway has seen repeated adjournments, costing of time and money for the House. Both Houses of Parliament have often been marred by protests that have delayed the rollout of key legislation.?When Parliament fails to discharge its lawmaking role or enacts laws without discussion, I feel it breaches the trust reposed in it by the people of this great country,? he said.In addition to disruptions, the President spoke out about Ordinances in particular, calling it a tool that ?should be used only in compelling circumstances?.Mukherjee shared a story about his mentor, late PM Indira Gandhi, on the importance of ?self-correction?. After the Congress?s poll defeat following the Emergency, Gandhi and Mukherjee were in London in 1978 and faced journalists, he said. ?The first question that was flung at her was, ?What have been your gains from the Emergency?? Looking at the journalist squarely in the eye, Indira Gandhi replied, ?In those 21 months, we comprehensively managed to alienate all sections of Indian people.? I learnt an early lesson of acknowledging my mistakes and rectifying them. Self-correction in such situations is always a better option than self-justification,? Mukherjee said.Earlier, vice president Hamid Ansari recalled how Mukherjee spoke about nurturing pluralism and diversity. He quoted Mukherjee to add that there is room for Argumentative Indian but not intolerant Indian. Ansari said ?these messages are important in our troubled times?. The President too, spoke about the diversity of the country of 130 crore people who, he said, belonged to three major ethnic groups, practicing seven major religions and speaking 122 languages in daily lives.?Not a single part of this vast territory of 3.3 million square kilometers of landmass and islands is unrepresented in the Parliament. Each of the 788 voices of MPs is important,? said Mukherjee. His comment assumes significance in the wake of the rise of smaller parties in Parliament.Mukherjee spoke about his association with PV Narsimha Rao, remember former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee for his oration, Manmohan Singh for his ?calming presence?, and recalled how LK Advani gave him mature advice and Sonia Gandhi was a passionate supporter of social legislations.In the closing parts of his speech, he praised Prime Minister Modi and said: ?I?ll carry with me fond memories of association with PM Narendra Modi and remember his warm behaviour towards me?. He praised the PM for advice and co-operation ?at every step? and added that the BJP leader is working ?with passion and energy, he is driving transformational changes.??It will be with a tinge of sadness and a rainbow of memories that I will be leaving this building today... I leave with a sense of fulfilment and happiness of having served the country,? he said, before finishing his speech with ?Jai Hind?.Mukherjee will address the nation tomorrow before he demits office.\r\nFarmers in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg have asked the Maharashtra government to hike land acquisition rate for the West Coast Refinery and Petrochemical project to ?1 crore per hectare. The farmers reportedly justified their demand by quoting the ?1 crore acquisition rate in Mumbai-Goa highway project and ?52 lakh to ?5.2 crore per hectare rate in Mumbai-Nagpur expressway project.\r\nThe proposed West Coast Refinery and Petrochemical project seems to have run into trouble, as farmers in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg have asked the state government to hike the land acquisition rate to Rs1crore a hectare ? at par with the Mubmbai-Nagpur super communication highway. The project, which is estimated to cost Rs2.5 lakh crore, needs 6,018 hectares of land from around 3,000 farmers in 16 villages in two districts. The state government in May issued a notification under the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) Act, clarifying its intent to acquire land for the project. The project has been proposed by three government-controlled oil marketing companies with the stakes of the Centre and the state governments. The state has followed the acquisition formula adopted for the Jaitapur nuclear power plant in 2013. Farmers in Jaitapur have opposed the land acquisition rate: Rs 22.50 lakh a hectare. In a meeting with Ravindra Chavan, minister of ports and medical education, a delegation of farmers quoted the rate given to Mumbai-Nagpur and Mumbai-Pune expressways and raised 27 demands, including Rs1crore a hectare. ?The delegation expressed its displeasure over the rate being offered to farmers. The government paid Rs1crore a hectare in the Mumbai-Goa highway road widening project and Rs52 lakh to Rs5.2 crore a hectare for the Mumbai-Nagpur corridor. The next meeting has been convened by industries minister Subhash Desai on July 24,? said an official from MIDC.Shiv Sena alleged that the project would disturb the bio-diversity, increase pollution levels and destroy farmers? livelihood. In a climbdown of sorts, it now says that if farmers are ready to handover their land, it has no objection. ?If our 27 demands are fulfilled, we have no objection to the project,? Rajan Salvi, Shiv Sena MLA from Rajapur, told HT.?I am sure the BJP-led government at the Centre and in the state will fulfil all these demands,? said Pramod Jathar former BJP MLA from Kankavali.\r\nHollywood actress Bella Thorne has clarified that she isn't the woman in a viral sex tape, which reportedly featured her masturbating, while tweeting, "You guys think this is real?" The video shows the girl saying, "I really need a father." Bella called it the video's worst part as it made fun of the fact that she lost her father.\r\nA sex tape of The DUFF actress Bella Thorne is going viral on social media. The clip supposedly shows the 19-year-old masturbating in a car. However, the actress took to Twitter on Thursday to clarify that the video is fake.Twitteratti was disgusted with the video, particularly the portion where the girl, mid-masturbation, says, "I really need a father." Irate users started tagging her and Bella wrote, "Hahahahaha wait you guys think this is real?"Hahahahaha wait you guys think this is real? Hahahaha. I don't even masterbate like that. Where's the vibrator thooo\xf0??\xad\xf0???Although she laughed off the rumours, the actress was particularly upset by the reference to her deceased father. "The worst part of this video is them making fun of the fact that I lost my father. You're right. Me being daddyless is sooooo funny," she wrote.The worst part of this video is them making fun of the fact that I lost my father. You're right. Me being daddyless is sooooo funny.\r\nComedian and television host Krushna Abhishek has said that Kapil Sharma just gives one-liners while adding, "I do performances." He further said, "Does he perform for one hour in his show? I perform for one hour. That's the difference between us." However, Krushna clarified that he does not have a problem with Kapil.\r\nKrushna Abhishek doesn?t like to be known as a standup comedian. He prefers calling himself ?an actor who does comedy.? And Krushna gives a damn when people compare him with rival comedian-actor Kapil Sharma, because he believes that there is nothing worth comparing between the two. ? I never compare myself with Kapil. We have totally different styles. Kapil just gives one-liners, I do performances. Let?s be practical and genuine. Does he perform for one hour in his show? I perform for one hour. That?s the difference between us,? says Krushna. The actor says that standup comedy was never his thing in the first place, so he has no reasons to be insecure. ?People say that I have problem with Kapil but it?s not true. I never wanted to be a stand-up comedian. It?s just that I did so much comedy that I went into the zone of stand-up comedy,? he says. Actor- comedian Kapil Sharma?s show also airs on the same channel as Krushna?s Abhishek?s The Drama Company.Krushna?s new show The Drama Company has also entered the same channel as Kapil?s show. How will he build a bond with the audience? ?People are bored of actors getting interviewed. If you want to see actors getting interviewed, then you would watch Koffee with Karan. The questions you ask the stars also get repetitive. So we had to be different. We thought why not bring theatre to television,? Krushna says. ?The show will start with a play. Guests will act in it. And later, there will be fun interactions,? he shares. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nShahid Kapoor, while speaking about the failure of Rangoon, said he cannot take ownership of the film. "Rangoon as a film had many energies and many people... I'm happy my part was appreciated but I'm sad for the film not doing well," he added. Shahid further said it's disheartening when a film doesn't do good business and doesn't get appreciation.\r\nWhen Shahid Kapoor and Vishal Bharadwaj announced their third collaboration after Kaminey and Haider, the expectations were sky-high. However, Rangoon failed to set the cash registers ringing and fizzled out at the box office after earning only around Rs 20 crore.In an interview with Filmfare, Shahid talked about the debacle of his last release. "When a film doesn't do the kind of business or get the appreciation it should get, it's heartbreaking. I was fortunate that people liked me in Rangoon... Regardless of anything, people have liked my work in his films. I was happy I got recognised. But I am sure when we work together again we will do something great," the actor said.Shahid added that the failure of the film was not on him. "Rangoon as a film had many energies and many people. I can't take ownership of the film. I am happy my part was appreciated but I am sad for the film not doing well," he said.Shahid will be seen next in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmavati, which also features Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh. The film is scheduled to release in November this year.\r\nActress Nandita Das has said that be it films, advertisements or television, India portrays 'fair' people in a country that is largely dark. She said this while reacting to actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui's tweet wherein he wrote, "I cannot be paired along with the fair and handsome because I am dark and not good looking."\r\nPopular Bollywood celebrities like Nandita Das, Taapsee Pannu and Tannishtha Chatterjee have lent their support to National Award winning actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who earlier slammed the entertainment industry for promoting racism.?Thank you for making me realise that I cannot be paired along with the fair and handsome because I am dark and not good looking, but I never focus on that,? Nawazuddin tweeted on July 17 while talking about the discrimination he has faced in the Hindi film industry over appearance.After that a few Bollywood celebrities have extended their support to Nawazuddin and said that not only the film industry, but racism happens all over India.Bollywood actors Tiger Shroff, Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Nidhhi Agerwal during an exclusive interview with HT City-Hindustan Times for the promotion of a movie Munna Michael.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Hindustan Times)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tHere?s what these celebs have to say:Tapsee Pannu: We are a colour-obsessed nation selling fairness creams in high volumes. Our matrimonial columns till date have a mention of skin colour. So let?s not target only the film industry.Nandita Das: I am sure it is no surprise to anyone that Nawazuddin?s skin colour would have impeded his career. All around us the images of women and now increasingly of men, are those with light skin. Be it films, television, magazines, hoardings, ads... Everywhere we have ?fair? people, in a country that is largely dark! Every skin care product has a skin lightening element. Dark skinned people are often  made to feel inadequate... right from their childhood. I can see the challenges that Nawazuddin must have faced in his career. After he has been around for over 10 years, it is his sheer talent and perseverance that has made him overcome this prejudice.Anshuman Jha: ?I am offered unconventional roles. But I personally haven?t faced any racism in this industry. But this industry is all about how good you look, and therefore discrimination is bound to exist. In the West, the black American actor Jamie Foxx can be paired opposite any leading lady. Here the criterion for casting is how compatible he or she looks with the other actor instead of performing abilities.Tannishtha Chatterjee: ?I think the film industry is not so colour biased. Such colour biases exist more in the advertising industry. Our society at large still suffers from these prejudices. Artistes and art need to speak up against societal prejudice. I?ve never endorsed fairness creams. I?ve never allowed anyone to make me look fair on screen. Pankaj Tripathi: Racism is part of the Indian mindset. We can?t escape it. However the very fact that Nawazuddin?s comment on racism has triggered off a reaction proves that the mindset is changing.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nDelhi Metro's non-executive staff called off their strike on Sunday after a meeting with the Managing Director and other senior officials at Delhi Metro Rail Corporation.The employees had been demanding a salary increase and rolling back of action against staff council members. Around 9,000 metro employees had threatened to go on strike from Monday if their demands were not met. \r\nThe Delhi Metro staff today called off their strike after they met the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) Managing Director Mangu Singh over revision of the pay band at the Metro Bhawan. "The ongoing protest by DMRC's non-executive employees was called off today after all the issues raised by the agitating employees were amicably settled following many rounds of meetings and deliberations with DMRC's Managing Director Dr Mangu Singh and other senior officials," said Anuj Dayal, spokesperson, Delhi Metro.The Delhi Metro services will hence continue as per schedule tomorrow. "The issue was also deliberated in detail on Saturday in a high-level meeting chaired by secretary, Ministry of Urban Development, DS Mishra and Chief Secretary, NCT of Delhi, Dr MM Kutty with Dr Mangu Singh." added Dayal. As many as 9,000 non-executive employees of the Delhi Metro were sticking to their call to stop services from Monday, after talks with the corporation's management had failed on Saturday night.The employees were demanding a revision of the pay band, and the rolling back of action against staff council members. A member of the staff council said on Thursday (July 20) the non-executive staff will gradually stop performing their duties from July 21 and completely cease operating from July 24, if their demands are not met.The DMRC management, in an internal communication, had said the issues raised by the agitating staff was an attempt to "push their personal agenda to cause disruption"."The management is alive to its responsibility towards staff welfare. All concerned employees are requested to stay away from the path of agitation and not to fall for rumours and issues of alleged injustices," it said.As many as 30 lakh passengers travel in the metro every day.ALSO READ Coming soon on Delhi Metro: Automated driverless trainsNow you can buy token, recharge Delhi Metro card with QR scan\r\nMusician Wuilly Arteaga, who became the face of anti-government protests in Venezuela, has promised to "be back in the streets" after he was injured in clashes on Saturday. Arteaga gained popularity for playing the national anthem and other tunes on his violin during the protests. "Neither rubber bullets nor pellets will stop our fight for Venezuela's independence," Arteaga said. \r\nVenezuela?s opposition have announced a two-day national strike against President Nicolas Maduro following a day of violent clashes in Caracas on Saturday where the injured included a violinist who has become the face of the protests.?Neither rubber bullets nor pellets will stop our fight for Venezuela?s independence,? said musician Wuilly Arteaga. The 23-year-old has become famous in Venezuela for playing the national anthem and other tunes on his violin in front of security lines as battles rage around him. ?Tomorrow I will be back in the streets.? The opposition Democratic Coalition ? which organised a 24-hour shutdown this week that was heeded by millions and paralysed large swaths of the South American nation ? said the next strike would be on Wednesday and Thursday. Mass marches have been planned for Monday and Friday in an effort to force Maduro into aborting a controversial a vote on 30 July to elect a constituent assembly charged with rewriting the constitution. (Video) Ni PERDIGONES NI METRAS nos detendr\xe1n de seguir luchando hasta lograr la INDEPENDENCIA DE VENEZUELA. Ma\xf1ana vuelvo a las CALLES... pic.twitter.com/aZHnmv7Hgt? Video provided by Robert Carmona-BorjasOpposition and human rights groups say the move is aimed at bypassing the National Assembly, which has been under opposition control since 2016, further consolidating the ruling Socialist party?s grip on power. Maduro argues a new constitution would promote dialogue in a country deeply polarised and crippled by widespread shortages of food, medicine and basic services, and unbridled violent crime.On Saturday, several thousand protesters sought to march on the pro-Maduro supreme court in support of alternative magistrates appointed by the opposition on Friday. Security forces blocked them with armored cars and riot shields. Clashes ensued for several hours as hundreds of masked youths hurled stones and Molotov cocktails at National Guard troops firing tear gas from motorcycles.The injured included Arteaga, who was treated by paramedics in the street as blood poured down his face. He later tweeted a video from hospital with a bandaged face, still clutching his violin.More than 100 people have died and thousands more have been injured in anti-government unrest since demonstrations began in April.Opposition lawmaker Simon Calzadilla said at a news conference flanked by other coalition officials: ?The Venezuelan people are not giving up, they are valiant, they will come out to defend democracy and the constitution.?Foes accuse Maduro of turning Venezuela into a dictatorship and wrecking what should be a prosperous economy. They want free elections and an end to two decades of socialist rule. Maduro calls himself a flag bearer for the international left, up against right-wing ?terrorists? seeking a coup with the connivance of the US and the international media.The opposition is stepping up street tactics in what it dubs ?zero hour? for Venezuela to try to block the new Constitutional Assembly Maduro wants to set up. The opposition is boycotting the vote, calling it a sham and demanding conventional elections instead. The Constituent Assembly, whose election rules appear designed to guarantee a majority for the government even though it has minority popular support, could rewrite the constitution and disband the existing opposition-led legislature.At rival pro-government rallies on Saturday, candidates for the Constituent Assembly said it was the only way to bring peace to Venezuela. ?We are not going to let them destroy our fatherland,? said Delcy Rodriguez, who left her post as foreign minister to stand for the new congress. ?All of us united are going to tell the right wing ?We?ve had enough of terrorism?,? Maduro?s wife Cilia Flores, also running for an assembly post, told the same rally in Caracas. Also on Saturday, the government?s intelligence service arrested Angel Zerpa, one of 13 sworn in as supreme court magistrates by the opposition in defiance of the government, opposition leaders said. Authorities have threatened to arrest all the opposition-named judges and try them in military courts. International pressure has been growing on Maduro to abandon next weekend?s vote, including a threat from US President Donald Trump to apply economic sanctions. But the government is showing no sign of backing down, announcing that it will put 232,000 soldiers on the streets to ensure the Constituent Assembly goes ahead. On Saturday, National Guard forces could be seen firing tear gas canisters horizontally at demonstrators in contravention of international norms, witnesses said. ?The repression has been brutal and the world has to understand what we are living through in the streets of Venezuela,? opposition leader Mar\xeda Corina Machado said. ?It?s criminal.? Reuters contributed to this report\r\nThe CAG has criticised Railways over improper cleanliness and management of linen, and suggested putting in place a mechanism to ensure strict compliance to norms. It said the washing and sanitation of linen and blankets are not done as per norms. The CAG added at many storage depots, fresh linen was stored haphazardly and was exposed to dirt and contamination.\r\nThe Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has criticised the railways over cleanliness and management of linen, and suggested putting in place a mechanism to ensure strict compliance to norms.In its report tabled in Parliament on Friday, the country?s top auditor said the washing and sanitation of linen as well as blankets are not done as per the norms established by the railways.The Railway Board has instructed that washing of linen (except blankets) should be done after every single use and blankets be dry-cleaned every two months.?Various zonal railways had provided periodicity of once every fortnight/month/once in two-three months for washing blankets,? said the CAG report.The CAG has collected data on number of blankets in use and those washed during the review (2012-2013 to 2015-2016) period in 33 selected depots of coaches.It was found that in 14 selected depots, under nine zonal railways, no blankets had been dry-washed in the said period. And except for seven depots under five zonal railways, linens had not been sanitised in the other selected depots, the CAG has said.During 2015-2016, in respect of 12 coaching depots of eight zonal railways, blankets had been washed after an interval of 6-26 months, the report stated.These depots included Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (Mumbai), Sealdah (Kolkata), Gwalior, Guwahati, Dibrugarh, Lucknow, Secunderabad, and Hatia and Tatanagar (in Jharkhand).The report also said there were general stores depots which stored fresh linens along with those that were to be discarded. At the Basin Bridge depot in Chennai, pillow covers were being stitched from the used bedsheets to tide over shortages.In a few cases, in the Northern Railway, used pillow covers were provided to the passengers, the report said.The audit report said there was a need for the railways to increase the pace of setting up of mechanised laundries and prescribe norms for quality standards for washed linen.?A mechanism may be put in place to ensure strict compliance to norms of cleaning blankets and pillows as per required periodicity,? it said.The CAG also said at many storage depots, fresh linen was stored haphazardly and was exposed to dirt and contamination.?Proper storage space may be provided for storage of linen in store depots, so that linen can be issued in an organised manner,? it recommended.It has also advocated providing ?adequate storage space? for linen in coaching depots.In Western Railway, new linen was stored in a manner that they were exposed to dirt in storage depots in Mahalakshmi and Sabarmati. At the store in Kharagpur, face towels were kept in a room with broken windows susceptible to damage due to seepage of rainwater.In some zonal railways, new stock remained unutilised almost all their life span.In North Eastern Railway, the audit said, the stock at the depots had already completed two-to-seven months life from the date of manufacture before it was received at the Gorakhpur depot.In the South Eastern Railway, bedsheets (life cycle of 12 months) and pillow covers (life cycle of nine months) remained unutilised for seven months and similarly face towels (life cycle of nine months) remained unutilised for five months at the depots.?This indicated that lot received first were not issued first,? the audit said.In case of pillows too, instructions were not followed, it said.?Blankets and pillows were not dry cleaned and/or sanitised for long periods before supply to the passengers,? the audit said.The audit report also recommended that railways seek regular feedback from passengers to effectively improve passenger satisfaction in respect of quality of linen. \r\nAround 26 Chartered Accountants have come under the Institute of Chartered Accountants' scanner over alleged links with shell companies. The reference came from Serious Fraud Investigation Office and details about the CAs are being collected. Notably, ICAI can initiate disciplinary proceedings against members including suspension and cancelling of their registration.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 23 (PTI) At least 26 chartered accountants have come under the scanner of the ICAI for allegedly helping shell companies, a senior official said. The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) is the regulator for accountancy professionals and can initiate disciplinary action against erring members. "The role of (around) 26 chartered accountants with respect to their alleged links with shell companies are being looked into by the institute," ICAI President Nilesh Shivji Vikamsey told PTI. As the government continues its clamp down on shell companies in efforts to deal with the black money menace, many entities have come under the lens of various agencies, including the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO). Vikamsey said reference about the 26 chartered accountants came from the SFIO and details about them are being collected. The ICAI can initiate stringent disciplinary proceedings against members violating norms. The measures can include suspension and even cancelling their registrations. Shell companies are dubious entities that are generally used for laundering illegal funds. However, the term shell company is not defined under the companies law. At ICAIs foundation day function on July 1, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had sought to send out a strong message against chartered accountants trying to help entities in black money dealings. Till July 12, the corporate affairs ministry has deregistered more than 1.62 lakh companies that have not been carrying out business activities for long. \r\nThe proposed National Anti-Profiteering Authority under GST regime will take up those cases where the financial implication of undue profit is over ?1 crore having 'national or mass impact', while the rest would be transferred to the state screening authority. The authority will suggest return of undue profit to consumers along with 18% interest, and also impose penalty. \r\nNew Delhi, Jul 23 (PTI) The proposed anti-profiteering authority under the new GST regime will take up for scrutiny only those cases that have mass impact and those where undue profit of more than Rs 1 crore has been earned, a senior government official said. A five member National Anti-Profiteering Authority, headed by a secretary-level officer, will be set up soon to keep a tab on businesses that have not passed on to consumers the benefit of lower tax rates under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime. "It will take two-three months time to gauge whether the benefits of GST are being passed on to consumers. By then, the authority would be put in place," the official told PTI. As per the three tier structure -- the GST Implementation Committee (GIC) will receive complaints and those which are state specific and involving smaller amounts will be transferred to the state screening committee. Other cases will be referred to the Directorate General of Safeguards who will finish investigation within 3 months and send the findings to the anti-profiteering authority, which will pass an order in another 3-months time. "The issues which have a national or mass impact will be taken up by the authority. There may be many small cases which would be coming to the GIC, but only those cases where the financial implication is more than Rs 1 crore would be taken up by the authority. Rest would be transferred to the state screening committee," the official said. ADG Safeguards will act as Secretary to the National Anti-Profiteering Authority and will coordinate between the authority and the DG Safeguards office, the official added. The Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) last week appointed Samanjasa Das as the Additional Director General (ADG) Safeguards in the Directorate General of Safeguards. Das was ADG in the Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI). In the three-tier structure for monitoring anti- profiteering, the GST implementation committee, including four officers each from the Centre and states and one officer from the GST Council, will first receive the complaints. Thereafter, DGS, which has the power to issue summons, will conduct investigation and give its findings to the authority. The anti-profiteering authority, if it finds that a company has not passed on the GST benefits, will either direct it to pass on the benefits to consumers or if the beneficiary cannot be identified will ask the company to transfer the amount to the consumer welfare fund within a specified timeline. The authority will have the power to cancel registration of any entity or business if it fails to pass on to consumers the benefit of lower taxes under the GST regime, but it would probably be the last step against any violator. According to the anti-profiteering rules, the authority will suggest return of the undue profit earned from not passing on the reduction in incidence of tax to consumers along with an 18 per cent interest, as also impose penalty. A five member committee, headed by Cabinet Secretary P K Sinha, comprising Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia, CBEC Chairman Vanaja Sarna and chief secretaries from two states, will soon finalise the Chairman and members of the authority. It will be in existence for just two years unless the GST Council extends the tenure. \r\nA \xa314 billion (?1.17 lakh crore) class-action lawsuit against Mastercard, for allegedly overcharging over 4.5 crore people in Britain over a 16-year period, was blocked by a court. The tribunal found no individual could receive compensation equal to the loss actually suffered. Had it been allowed, the case would have been the largest and most complex in British legal history.\r\nA \xa314bn class-action lawsuit against MasterCard for allegedly overcharging more than 45 million people in Britain over a 16-year period was blocked by a British court on Friday. The competition appeal tribunal (CAT), a newly empowered court that oversees Britain?s fledgling class action regime, ruled that it would not grant the necessary collective proceedings order for the case to continue to trial. Had it been allowed to proceed, the case would have been the largest and most complex in British legal history and would have tested the limits of the new Consumer Rights Act, which introduced US-style ?opt-out? collective class actions for breaches of UK or European Union competition law in 2015. MasterCard welcomed the judgment, saying the claim was ?completely unsuitable? to be brought under the collective action regime.A law firm, Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, launched the case on behalf of adults in Britain after MasterCard lost a drawn-out appeal against a 2007 European commission decision that ruled its fees were anti-competitive. The case centred on so-called interchange fees, the charges levied by credit and debit card companies such as MasterCard on merchants? banks, which card companies say cover the costs of operating card services, security and innovation. It alleged these fees were a significant cost for retailers and were passed on through increased prices of goods and services to all UK consumers, including those who paid in cash and not just MasterCard holders. London-based Walter Merricks, a lawyer who once led the Financial Ombudsman Service group that handles consumer disputes with banks and who is the representative named on the proposed action, said he was considering an appeal with his advisers. ?The new collective action regime was introduced by the Consumer Rights Act to overcome the difficulty for consumers seeking to recover losses from competition law infringements,? he said. ?I am concerned that this new regime, designed to benefit consumers, may never get off the ground.? He added that concerns cited by the tribunal, which included the difficulties in providing evidence that MasterCard fees were passed on to consumers and in precisely calculating individual losses for so many consumers, could have been overcome. The planned lawsuit had been dubbed by one lawyer the ?perfect exam question? for Britain?s CAT, nominated in 2015 to oversees the country?s maiden ?opt-out? class action lawsuits in antitrust cases. Under the regime, UK-based members of a defined group are automatically bound into legal action unless they opt out. Critics say such regimes encourage claims without merit. But others argue they are designed to offer a more effective and economic route to compensation for UK-based consumers and businesses that fall victim to anti-competitive conduct and saves on hefty advertising costs to rally a large group together.The high court ruled in January that MasterCard had charged interchange fees at a lawful level and without restricting competition in a similar dispute with retailers. \r\nIndia's biggest listed blue-chip firms are paying their top executives salaries of up to 1,200 times the median employee remunerations, disclosures by top listed firms revealed. The pay packages of senior-most personnel rose at most private firms during 2016-17. Among the major Sensex firms, Lupin saw the ratio between the Chairman remuneration and the median employee remuneration at 1,263 times.\r\nA huge pay gap between CEOs and other employees at Indian companies has come to the fore, with the biggest listed blue-chip firms doling out to their top executives salary packages of up to 1,200-times of their median employee remunerations. An analysis of remuneration disclosures made by top listed companies forming part of the blue-chip index Sensex -- under directions of the capital markets regulator Sebi -- shows that the pay packages of senior-most personnel such as CEOs and executive chairmen continue to remain high and rose further at most private sector firms during 2016-17. TOP EXECUTIVES' PAY REMAINS HIGH On the contrary, the median employee remuneration fell or remained almost same during the last fiscal, while the ratio of the top executives' pay to the median employee remuneration remained at astronomically high levels of hundreds-times in many cases. The public sector companies show a totally different picture with their chiefs getting salaries of just about 3-4 times of their median employee remunerations. SEBI REGULATIONS REQUIRE COMPANIES TO DISCLOSE REMUNERATIONS\xa0 While the rules do not put any restrictions on the companies regarding how much more they want to pay their top executives vis-a-vis an average employee, the Sebi regulations require most listed companies to annually disclose various remuneration ratios to help the investors know about salary practices at the firms in which they have invested. However, salaries of top executives, especially in case of those related to promoter groups, typically require the approval of the companies boards, various committees and shareholders. Besides, the companies with inadequate profits need the governments approval for any excessive salaries paid to their top executives. As per the rules, the remuneration payable to any one managing director or whole-time director or manager, cannot exceed 5 per cent of the net profit of the company. If there is more than one such director, the remuneration cannot exceed 10 per cent of the net profit to all such directors and managers taken together. INCREASE IN RATIO OF TOP EXECUTIVE PAY\xa0Among the 30 Sensex firms, at least 15 have already disclosed an increase in the ratio of top executive pay with that of the median employee remuneration for 2016-17. Nine of the Sensex firms are yet to disclose these numbers and therefore the tally may go up. Six Sensex companies have reported some decline in this ratio and these include Wipro (down from 260 times to 259 times), Infosys (283 times), Dr Reddys Lab (from 312 times to 233 times) and Hero MotoCorp (from 755 times to 731 times). The countrys most-valued firm Reliance Industries did not disclose this ratio in its latest annual report published on the website. While its chief Mukesh Ambani has capped his pay at Rs 15 crore for many years now, the ratio was high at 205 times in 2014-15. Among other major Sensex firms, TCS saw the ratio between top-paid executive pay and the median employee remuneration rise to 515 times (from 460 times in previous year), while the same for Lupin stood at 1,263-times (though down from 1,317 times) for Chairman. The ratio for the CEO at Lupin was much lower at 217-times. At Adani Ports, the ratio was down to 42 times in case of Gautam Adani (from 48 times), while the ratio was much higher at 169-times for another Whole Time Director. The same for Bajaj Auto was also high at 522 times. Among banks, the ratio was highest for HDFC Banks CEO Aditya Puri (whose pay package rose by 20 per cent to over Rs 10 crore) where it rose from 179 to 187 times. Kotak Mahindra Bank saw the ratio rise from 42 to 48, ICICI from 100 to 112- times and Axis Bank from 72-times to 78-times. At HDFC Ltd, the ratio for the CEO Keki Mistry rose from 88 times to 92 times, while the same for Chairman Deepak Parekh was much less at 17 times. Among the companies which are yet to report their latest numbers, Larsen and Toubro had disclosed a very high ratio of 1004-times for the fiscal 2005-16. At ITC, the ratio rose from 427 to 508 times in case of Y C Deveshwar, who has now given up his top executive role, but the ratio for the current executive chief was much lesser at 59 times. Deveshwars total package rose by 58 per cent to Rs 21.16 crore, including all the benefits. Other companies that saw an increase in the ratio included Bharti Airtel (to 366-times in 2016-17), Cipla (416 times), M&M (108 times), Tata Steel (94 times) and HUL (138 times). In terms of the median employee remuneration, a few companies such as Wipro and Cipla recorded a decline and there was only a marginal rise of less than 5 per cent for several others such as Bharti Airtel, M&M, Bajaj Auto, TCS and HUL. The companies with an increase of over 10 per cent for median employee remuneration were a few and included Kotak Mahindra Bank, Adani Ports, HDFC Bank, HDFC Ltd and Lupin. Dr Reddys Lab was among the very few to see a decline in the CEO pay, while it was unchanged for RIL and Adani Ports. The companies having seen a rise in the top executive pay included Wipro, TCS, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Axis Bank, Bajaj Auto, Tata Steel, M&M, Hero Motocorp, Lupin and Bharti Airtel. The overall key management pay rose significantly for Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, HDFC Ltd, TCS and Asian Paints. \xa0ALSO READ:\r\nVeteran Congress leader M Veerappa Moily has said Madhur Bhandarkar's film on 1975-77 Emergency 'Indu Sarkar' will hurt Congressmen's sentiments and that's what PM Narendra Modi wants. "Ultimately, it will (hurt) him (Narendra Modi)... All these ruinous activities help in exit of BJP," he added. Moily further said there's no exit door for Congress but there's always one for BJP.nn\r\nIndu Sarkar, a film on Emergency, will hurt sentiments of many Congressmen and that is what the ?present Prime Minister wants?, veteran Congress leader M Veerappa Moily said on Sunday.Indu Sarkar, based on the 1975-77 Emergency period, has evoked strong criticism and protest from the Congress.The Congress?s apprehensions are over the portrayal of party veterans like Indira Gandhi, Sanjay Gandhi and other senior leaders in the film.Filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar, however, had said he would include a disclaimer in Indu Sarkar, stating that the film is mostly fictional.Talking to PTI, Moily said the film will hurt sentiments of Congressmen.?It hurts the sentiments of many of the Congressmen and that is what the present Prime Minister wants. Ultimately, it will (hurt) him (Narendra Modi).?All these ruinous activities help in exit of BJP. More and more they do it, more the exit door will be opened for BJP,? he said.The film, featuring Kirti Kulhari in the lead, has also run into trouble with the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC), which has demanded 14 cuts in the movie.Bhandarkar has been given a security cover by the Maharashtra government in the wake of several protests against the film.Former Union minister Moily further said a perception was being created that the Congress was not providing a strong opposition to the BJP.?There is no exit door in politics. There is no exit door for Congress but there is always for BJP,? said the strongman from Karnataka.He said the Congress will again form the government in Karnataka under chief minister Siddaramaiah. Assembly election in the state is scheduled to take place next year.\r\nRanbir Kapoor has said the upcoming biopic on Sanjay Dutt is not propaganda to portray him as God. "We're trying to show a very human side of Sanjay Dutt, his perils, his downfall, his time in jail, terrorism charges, his drug phase...," he added. Ranbir further said Dutt has never been a hypocrite about his life.\r\nRanbir Kapoor says the upcoming biopic on Sanjay Dutt will deal with both the highs and lows of the actor?s life.Ranbir says Dutt has been very gracious in providing insights about his life story in an honest way for the biopic being helmed by Rajkumar Hirani.?He hasn?t been a hypocrite about it (his life). So it?s not a propaganda film trying to portray him as God or something.?We are trying to show a very human side of Sanjay Dutt, his perils, his downfall, his will to fight, his time in jail, terrorism charges, his drug phase, how he handled his mother?s death two days before the release of his debut film, his relationship with his father. These were human conflicts in his life,? Ranbir told PTI.Ranbir, who plays Dutt in the movie, says doing the biopic was daunting initially.?He is such a relevant person even today. He is so much loved even today. He is controversial. But when you have Rajkumar Hirani as the director and Abhijat Joshi as the writer and the character like Sanjay Dutt, you are somewhere cushioned,? he says.Ranbir Kapoor at a cinema hall in Mumbai on July 14, 2017.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tFrom getting into the skin of the character to getting the body language right, the Jagga Jasoos star had to put in a lot of hard work to get every aspect of Dutt correct.?Getting the look right is very superficial, it is easy as you have help from make-up and computer graphics. To show Sanjay Dutt as a human being, as a biopic only works when you show the human side of a person, and not the glories but the downfall as well (was not easy).?Though Ranbir seems to have got the look right, he is extremely nervous about the film.?I don?t know if I have nailed it or not (referring to the film). I was very inspired (doing this film). We have a few days left now for the film. It?s a very new me, so I am excited to see how the audience reacts. It should be out on March 30 next year,? he says.There were rumours that the Khalnayak track will be recreated in the biopic but Ranbir says that?s not true.?We have not touched upon the Khalnayak phase. This film doesn?t talk about Sanjay Dutt the hero, but Sanjay Dutt?s life. We have touched upon his few films like the first one Rocky, Munnabhai MBBSs,? he says.The film also features Manisha Koirala as late Nargis Dutt, Paresh Rawal as Sunil Dutt and Dia Mirza as Dutt?s present wife Manyata. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActor Emraan Hashmi has said he benefitted a lot from the 'serial kisser' tag. "A number of my films in which I was shown kissing did very well in the beginning of my career," he added. However, Emraan said he's now trying to do away with the tag as it may restrict his growth as an actor.\r\nEmraan Hashmi is one of those Bollywood celebrities who are never afraid of speaking their mind. He may have been tagged as a ?serial-kisser? in the beginning of his career, but the actor has no reason to shy away from talking about it.?A number of my films in which I was shown kissing did very well in the beginning of my career. So that tag naturally became a part of me. People like to label and box things up, and you just can?t hold that against them. And frankly, this was not something I was running away from. I will be honest. I have benefited a lot from it,? says the actor.After all these years, Emraan feels that now it?s time to do away with the tag, as in the long run, it can restrict his growth as an actor. ?When you evolve as an actor and try to explore new and varied avenues, the tag becomes sort of a deterrent for you. People tend to like you more in a particular kind of role. But for every actor, there is a saturation point. I think I have reached it now, and need to find new kind of roles,? says the 38-year old, who will be seen in the thriller Baadshaho, which releases on September 1. The makers of the multi-starrer film, which also features actors Ajay Devgn, Ileana D?Cruz and Esha Gupta, recently released the first song, which has been climbing up the charts. But what every Emraan fan is looking forward to is the song Piya More, which will be out tomorrow. The song pairs Emraan with actor Sunny Leone for the first time. Emraan is all praise for the 36-year old actor. ?Sunny is a thorough professional. I segregate actors into two types ? ones who are constantly fussy about everything on the sets, and the others who are okay with everything, without any fusses. I think she comes under the second category. It was an absolute joy shooting with her, since she?s a much better dancer than I am!? says Emraan.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nWishing the Indian women's team ahead of the World Cup final, former men's team captain MS Dhoni advised the team to embrace the occasion and not focus on the result. "Enjoy the moment because that's what cricket is all about. It's a sport...it's meant to be enjoyed," Dhoni added. India Women played their second World Cup final on Sunday.\r\nAs India women get ready to face hosts and favourite England in the final of the Women's World Cup at Lord's, former captain MS Dhoni has sent his advice and wishes for the Women in Blue.India women have reached the final of the World Cup for the second time -- the first being in 2005 where they were overhwhelmed by Australia by 98 runs.MS Dhoni has led Team India 2011 World Cup triumph, T20 World Cup win and the 2013 Champions Trophy victory.2011 WORLD CUPIn the 2011 World Cup as well, India had defeated Australia in the quarter-final just like the 1983 World Cup and then went on to win the trophy.At the Wankhede Stadium in the final, Sri Lanka won the toss, opted to bat first and posted a good 274 runs for India to chase.Gautam Gambhir and MS Dhoni steered India's chase as the former scored 97 runs off 115 balls and the Captain Cool promoted himself up the order and played a match-winning knock of 91 in 79 balls to give India their second World Cup.MS Dhoni's calm yet explosive innings at the fag end of the match still remains a strong memory in the minds of all Indian cricket fans.2007 T20 WORLD CUPOpting to bat first, Gautam Gambhir held the strings and scored a solid 75-run innings at the top to guide India to a decent total of 157 runs.Pakistan's batting order held their stitches together and Misbah-ul-Haq's 43 from 38 balls was crucial to take Pakistan close.But Dhoni's call to give Joginder Sharma the last over proved to the masterstroke that gave India a 5-run victory and the Men in Blue scooped the first T20 World Cup and their first ICC trophy under Dhoni.2013 CHAMPIONS TROPHYIndia were on a rampage in the 2013 Champions Trophy in England. They reached the final after winning all of their four matches.MS Dhoni's young squad was up against the hosts England in the final and put to bat first, India managed to put a 129 runs on the board in 20 overs with Virat Kohli being their highest scorer with 43 runs.Bowling to England, India picked up wickets at regular intervals as Dhoni's sharp bowling rotations enabled Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja and Ishant Sharma to pick two wickets each.With such an effort, India were able to hold England to 124 in 20 overs and won the championship by 5 runs.MS Dhoni, the only captain to have won all the ICC trophies, restrained from saying 'All the best' to the girls saying he's superstitious."Cricket is a game where superstition is involved and I'm definitely superstitious about a few words so I won't say those words but I'll definitely share my experience and what I think is important," Dhoni said in a video.Can the #WomenInBlue keep cool like @msdhoni to cross the line and lift the @ICC#WWC17? Watch Cricket LIVE at 2 PM, on Star Sports! pic.twitter.com/kda0qJvjcGBut the 'Captain Cool' shared his vast experience with Mithali Raj and co and asked them to simply embrace the occasion."To start of, I think the women's team has done exceedingly well throughout the World Cup. What's important is to embrace the occasion, to go into the final to win the finals. If it happens the next time, you have to win all the games in the league stage and the quarters or a semi-final to get into the final. So what's important is not to focus on the result, not to think what if we win or don't win," Dhoni adviced.Dhoni went on to say that one extraordinary performance on the day would be enough for the Women in Blue to lift the World Cup."What's important is as a team all of you have done really well and contributed, that one extraordinary performance will give you the World Cup, can be a brilliant catch or a good run out or good innings or a good bowling spell. So that's what it boils down to," Dhoni told.Dhoni adviced the India women to keep it simple and enjoy the occasion because that's what cricket is all about.\r\nPunjab's Chief Minister Amarinder Singh has announced a ?5 lakh reward for Indian women's team cricketer Harmanpreet Kaur. Singh, who called up Harmanpreet's father Harmandar Singh, also praised Kaur's unbeaten 171-run knock against Australia in the semifinals. The Chief Minister further said he hopes that Kaur would continue to make the country proud with her contributions.\r\nPunjab chief minister Capt Amarinder Singh on Sunday announced a cash reward of Rs five lakh for cricketer Harmanpreet Kaur for her performance that steered India to the finals of ICC Women?s World Cup.The chief minister conveyed this to Harmanpreet?s father, Harmandar Singh, whom he called up to congratulate, an official spokesperson said here.The chief minister lauded Harmanpreet?s score of 171 not out of 115 balls in the semi-final against Australia.Wishing the best to Harmanpreet for the final match between India and England, the chief minister hoped that she would continue to make the country proud with her continuing brilliance.Celebrations have been on at Harmanpreet?s home in Moga in Punjab after her 171-run knock against Australia two days ago -- one of the greatest ODI knocks in women?s cricket.\r\nUnion Human Resource Development Minister Prakash Javadekar has said that next year onwards, the question paper for the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) will be the same in all languages. This comes after the Madras High Court stayed the exam results this year. The court was hearing a petition which claimed that questions in vernacular languages were tougher.\r\nUnion human resource development minister Prakash Javadekar has said vernacular question papers for the NEET will be mere translation of the question paper in English.?The vernacular question papers for the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) ? the all-India entrance examination for entrance to medical colleges ? will just be translation of the question paper in English,?  he said.Javadekar was replying to a question about the West Bengal Education minister recently complaining that this year the students appearing for all medical entrance examination in vernacular languages had faced tougher questions than the ones set in English and Hindi.About ?one nation one test? in engineering he said, ?We are yet to take a call on this issue. It is in discussion stage.? \r\nThe Income Tax department has detected undisclosed income of around ?71,941 crore over the last three years from April 1, 2014 to February 28, 2017, the Centre told the Supreme Court. Undisclosed income of over ?5,400 crore was detected and 303 kg of gold was seized during the demonetisation period from November 9, 2016 to January 10, 2017, it stated.\r\nMassive searches, seizures and surveys by the Income Tax (IT) department over the last three years have led to the detection of around Rs 71,941 crore of ?undisclosed income?, the Centre has told the Supreme Court.During the period of demonetisation from November 9 last year to January 10 this year, ?The total undisclosed income admitted was more than Rs 5,400 crore? and the total quantity of gold seized stood at 303.367 kgs, the finance ministry has said in an affidavit to the apex court.It gave the details of the unaccounted income for three years from April 1, 2014 to February 28 this year, including the demonetisation period.The affidavit said that during the three year period, searches were undertaken by the IT department in over 2,027 groups ?which led to the admission of undisclosed income of more than Rs 36,051 crore?.?This is in addition to the seizure of undisclosed assets worth Rs 2,890 crore,? it said.Similarly between April 1, 2014 to February 28 this year, the IT department conducted more than 15,000 surveys which led to ?the detection of undisclosed income of more than Rs 33,000 crore?.Highlighting the achievements of the demonetisation period, the affidavit said in about two months from November 9 last year, ?significantly large number of enforcement actions were undertaken by the IT Department?.?They included 1,100 searches and surveys and more than 5,100 verifications. The total seizure through these actions was of about Rs 610 crore, including cash of Rs 513 crore. The cash seizure included seizures in new currency of more than Rs 110 crore. The total undisclosed income admitted was more than Rs 5,400 crore,? it said.The finance ministry, which recently refused the demand to give more grace period for depositing the scrapped Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes, said the ministry of home affairs in its July 11 communication has reported that as per intelligence agencies, there were reports of largescale misuse of the window for exchange of the demonetised currency notes.?Seizure of cash during the month of November and December 2016 was to the tune of Rs 147.9 crore and Rs 306.897 crore and seizure of gold for the month of November and December 2016 was 69.1 kg and 234.267 kg respectively,? it said.It said that over 400 cases were referred to the CBI and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) after several instances of manipulation for conversion of unaccounted cash held in specified bank notes into legal tender by various entities was detected during the investigation.\r\nNine people were killed and 22 injured on Saturday as a bus carrying pilgrims overturned near Udaipur, Rajasthan. The bus was on a 16-day tour of religious places, including Pushkar and Haridwar. Meanwhile, Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed his grief over the loss of lives and wished a speedy recovery for those injured in the accident. \r\nNine pilgrims were killed, and 22 people were injured in a bus accident in Udaipur, Rajasthan. The accident happened near Udaipur's Govardhan Vilas police station in Nela Gao. Three other vehicles were involved in the crash. Police took the injured to the nearest hospital. Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed grief over the loss of lives."PM@narendramodi expressed grief on the loss of lives due to the accident in Udaipur. He extends condolences to the families of the deceased," the PMO tweeted. "PM @narendramodi wished a speedy recovery to those injured in the accident in Udaipur," it added.The bus which overturned was travelling from Ahmedabad to Haridwar, and eventually Kashi. (Inputs from PTI) ALSO READ Tyre burst caused Amarnath bus accident: All you need to knowTelangana: 8-year-old hit by speeding bike, flung into air, dies on spot\r\nThe Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Vijay Sampla, said that the government is doing everything it can to bring back the 39 Indians missing in Iraq. "We need to have patience," he added. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had earlier said that they might be alive in a prison in Badush.\r\nVijay Sampla, the Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, said the Narendra Modi government is doing everything it can to bring back the 39 Indian nationals missing in Iraq."(The) Indian government is doing everything it can for them to bring them back. We need to have patience," he said. Just days ago, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said the Indian citizens, who've been missing since 2014, might be alive in a prison in Badush, located west of Mosul.An India Today team travelled to Badush but found no sign of them. The jail had been flattened to the ground. "On Badush jail, I can't say anything about it. MEA is to answer that," Sampla said.Sampla, who called on the media to help the government, said most of the missing Indians are from Punjab, and that some are from Tamil Nadu.ALSO READ India Today first to reach Mosul after ISIS fall. No sign of missing 39 IndiansIndians missing in Iraq: Families likely to come to Delhi in next two days to question Centre\r\nIndia women's team captain Mithali Raj has become the first skipper across men's and women's cricket to lead India in two ODI World Cup finals. Mithali, who captained India in the final against England on Sunday, also led in the 2005 final, which the team lost against Australia. Jhulan Goswami is the only other member to play both finals.\r\nMithali Raj knows it will be a special occasion for her and Jhulan Goswami when India take part in their second Women?s Cricket World Cup final, 12 years after losing the summit clash of the showpiece event.India were beaten by Australia back in 2005 but banished those demons by knocking out the reigning World Champions in a dramatic semi-final in Derby.That 36-run win earned India a spot at the Women?s Cricket World Cup 2017 final where they will face hosts England in front of a sold-out at the home of cricket in London.READ?|?India vs England, Women?s Cricket World Cup:?History awaits Mithali Raj & Co.This will be the India captain?s last Women?s Cricket World Cup and she?s determined to make it extremely difficult for England to earn their third tournament success on home soil.It was an innings for the ages, but how did @ImHarmanpreet's epic 171* evolve during #AUSvIND at #WWC17?https://t.co/JJJgzJFO8h pic.twitter.com/q9wIxSsCjW? Cricket World Cup (@cricketworldcup) July 22, 2017?For me and Jhulan (Goswami) it is very special because we are the only players from 2005 still with the team and for us it feels like going back to 2005. We are all very excited to be part of the World Cup final. We knew this tournament wasn?t going to be easy but the way the girls have turned up at every situation when the team needed!? said Mithali Raj.Jhulan Goswami will be taking part in her second Women's Cricket World Cup final.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Reuters)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?I?m so happy that the girls have given us an opportunity again to be part of the World Cup final. It definitely is not going to be easy for England, but having beaten Australia, I am sure the girls are on a high but it will boil down to how we perform on the day. Playing the hosts in their own country is going to be a challenge but this unit is up for it.?England, meanwhile, qualified for the final with a dramatic two-wicket win over South Africa with Anya Shrubsole hitting the winning run in the final over.India are in their first ICC Women's World Cup Final since 2005. #MithaliRaj feels a lot has changed since thenhttps://t.co/dVjoDRrvgT pic.twitter.com/PKbFl3Km8A? Cricket World Cup (@cricketworldcup) July 22, 2017READ?|?Celebrate Harmanpreet Kaur, don?t compare her with me: Kapil DevThe hosts have lost just once in the tournament so far, a 35-run defeat to India in the opening game of the tournament in Derby.Since then England have gone seven games unbeaten to reach Lord?s but captain Heather Knight believes there is still more to come from her side.?We keep finding ways to win at the moment, we haven?t quite put the perfect performance together, we?d readily admit that. There?s still one game to go and if we put a perfect performance in then, I?ll be a very happy captain. We?re delighted to get to the final. We back the depth in our team and we?re finding ways to win at the moment,? she said.?The plan was to get to Lord?s and sing our song and we?re one step closer to that. It was a massive carrot going into the semi-final and lucky we had the wise head of Jenny Gunn to get over the line, so we?re delighted.?\r\nA class 10 student from Bihar, who got 0 in Maths, got 94 in the same paper after the updated results were announced. Another student's Sanskrit marks increased from 0 to 40, while another one got his marks upgraded from 12 to 61. The state Board had got the papers rechecked after over 50% failed this year.\r\nThe Bihar Board faced massive embarrassment after more than 50 per cent of class 10 students failed in the examination this year. Hundreds of angry students blamed the evaluation system put in place this year where they alleged that incompetent examiners evaluated the answer sheets. It was also reported that primary school teachers were assigned the task of evaluating answer sheets of Class 10 subjects of which they had no clue.Under pressure after a disastrous performance of candidates, the board then began the process of re-evaluating the answer sheets, the results of which is now declared. What has now been highlighted is the rot prevailing in the Bihar Board. A candidate who scored zero in Math has now secured 94 after re-evaluation. India Today is in possession of the mark sheets of many students who had applied for scrutiny of their papers at the BSS college in Begusarai which was the one of the examination centre. There are not one but more than dozen of candidates whose marks have shots up unexpectedly after re-evaluation.\xa0More mix-up was found in subjects like Maths, Science, Hindi and Sanskrit after scrutiny. One of the students who scored zero in Sanskrit has now scores 40 after scrutiny. Another student who got 12 marks in the same subject, had his marks has shoot up to 61.The Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh has now slammed the Bihar Board asserting that the re-evaluation results reveal that initially answers sheets were evaluated by inexpert examiners."I demand a detailed investigation into this mess in the Bihar Board. I believe a judicial inquiry into this is needed", said Shatrughan Prasad Singh, General Secretary of Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh.It is notable that in this year's Class 10th exams of the total 1723911 students who appeared for the examination, only 863950 had passed the examinations.ALSO READ:Toppers scam effect: 64 per cent students fail in class 12 Bihar board examsBihar Board Class 10 results declared, physical verification of toppers done to avoid goof-ups\r\nHaryana-based Shweta Mehta, from Neha Dhupia's gang, was on Saturday announced the winner of stunt-based reality show MTV Roadies Rising. She emerged as the winner after beating Baseer Ali from Prince Narula's team. "I had auditioned for Roadies thrice in the past, but did not make it to the show. But failing thrice did not dampen my spirits," said Shweta.\r\nHaryana-based Shweta Mehta was on Saturday announced the winner of popular stunt based reality show MTV Roadies Rising. Featuring Rannvijay Singha, Neha Dhupia, Prince Narula and Nikhil Chinappa as gang leaders, the fourteenth season of the show started its journey from Jhansi and moved to Gwalior, Agra, Amroha and Panipat, while ending in Kurukshetra. We salute Shweta?s true warrior spirit! Congratulations on winning @RenaultIndia MTV #RoadiesRising ???@NehaDhupia pic.twitter.com/wZvbejRVTk? MTV India (@MTVIndia) July 22, 2017?I had auditioned for Roadies thrice in the past, but did not make it to the show. But failing thrice did not dampen my spirits. I took the challenge head-on and auditioned again, only with the intention of winning the show. And I did win it,? Shweta said in a statement.?This definitely feels amazing. Roadies is a cult show and being associated with such a show and winning it feels out of the world. Neha ma?am wanted a girl to win this season and I feel proud that I didn?t disappoint her,? she added.\r\nThe government has issued a list of dos and don?ts for people going to Saudi Arabia for jobs, asking them not to have any obscene clips on phone and anything related to black magic. It also advises not to have information on Saudi laws that are punishable with jail time and text related to any religion other than Islam.\r\nDelete any obscene content from your phone and laptop, and ensure that nothing you carry gives the impression that you indulge in black magic.These are among a list of dos and don?ts announced by the government for people heading to Saudi Arabia for jobs.Saudi Arabia is home to the largest number of Indians going abroad, with around 30 lakh people emigrating for jobs.?Do not carry items prohibited/forbidden in Saudi Arabia. Do not store any prohibited/obscene material on your phone/laptop etc,? said the advisory, which includes information on how people can get accustomed to local customs and laws that are often punishable with jail time if flouted.Sorcery and witchcraft are banned in the kingdom and punishable with severe penalties, including death. Accordingly, the advisory says, do not carry any ?taweez? (amulets) or black thread that could be construed as part of black magic rituals.?Narcotic drugs, food items containing pork, poppy seeds, khat leaves, pan masala, and text related to any religion other than Islam? figure on the list of items the government wants people to avoid.?The revised and updated pre-departure instructions are aimed at ensuring Indian nationals are familiar with their job contracts, local laws and what they need to do should they face a problem,? said an Indian official.Indians have been warned about Recruitment Agents (RAs), who could dupe them in a number of ways such as by not handing over their contracts or inflating their fees.According to new guidelines, RAs cannot take a service charge of more than Rs 20,000.The Saudi law warrants that employers bear expenses such as visa fee and air tickets for foreign employees. They have been told to ensure the employment makes a mention of these details in both Arabic and English before a person leaves India.The labour ministry of Saudi Arabia now gives free phone SIM card to all foreign employees. The government has advised Indian workers heading to Saudi Arabia to carry a mobile phone ? ?preferably an inexpensive smart phone.?Indians have been advised ?not to return to the kingdom on any kind of visa including employment, Haj and Umrah visas if any criminal case is pending against you?.\r\nThe RSS has asked people to chant a mantra five times every day before starting prayers, to "hurt" China's interests. "Kailash, Himalaya, aur Tibet Cheen ki asuri shakti se mukt ho (Kailash, Himalaya, and Tibet be delivered from the demonic clutches of China)," says the mantra. The group said that the mantra will "create positive action".\r\nThe RSS wants to ward off the "asura", or demon, of China with a new "mantra". While the Sangh has advocated a policy of economic assault on Beijing by encouraging Indians to shun the use of Chinese goods and materials in daily lives, even in the process of praying, it has come up with a mantra to be chanted five times before prayers, be it a Hindu household's daily offerings to God or a Muslim's namaz.Even as the rejection of Chinese manufactures used in such daily affairs as household worshipping rituals is meant to attack the ubiquitous presence of China-made goods, thereby denying the neighbour one of the largest consumer markets in the world, it also aims to educate Indians in things they use without knowing them to be of Chinese origin. RSS has maintained that while war is undesirable, if push comes to shove, the country is ready and has, therefore, come out to support the hard stance assumed by India on the tri-junction (India-Bhutan-China) confrontation in the Doklam plateau."Kailash, Himalaya aur Tibet Cheen ki asuri shakti se mukt ho" (Kailash, Himalaya and Tibet be delivered from the demonic clutches of China). This is the mantra or 'sankalp', translated into 'resolve', that the RSS wants every Indian to chant five times before starting their prayers."This will not just hurt the core interest of China, but also infuse spiritual energy in the efforts and will create positive action," senior RSS pracharak and national executive member Indresh Kumar told Mail Today."China has adopted a fundamentally imperialist and expansionist character. It has moved away from Confucianism and has become a votary of violence. The recent entanglement with India has brought India several friends and China has lost many. They have shown that they are neither with India nor the world; rather want to continue the politics of violence. They have captured the territory of several countries such as India, Nepal, Bhutan, apart from having captured Tibet. Doklam was saved from their clutches only as Indian and Bhutanese soldiers pre-empted Chinese design," he added.Kumar believes that China has already been cornered in its recent misadventure among the comity of nations, but the best way to attack the Chinese is to encourage every Indian to resolve to use only Swadeshi or India-made goods and reject Chinese manufactures of all kinds.CHINA A DANGER?"The people of India have come to realise the impending danger that China poses. At a meet in Agra in UP a few days ago, it was decided that no one in India, from any caste, creed or religion should use Chinese goods in daily prayers. Due to invasion of Chinese materials in India, almost three crore Indians and Nepalese nationals have lost livelihood. People of India must also resolve to boycott Chinese goods during the celebration of their chief festivals such as Rakhi, Diwali, Eid or Guru Parv etc. We are capable of breaking China's back not only by confrontation, but by following the non-violent path charted by Lord Buddha," Kumar said. Kumar said the hitherto supporters of China too have now started looking at it with suspicion."China has for long blessed Pakistan with resources and material which have been used to destabilise India through terrorism. "Now, Pakistan included, all nations who have so far colluded with China, fear that the imperialist nation might be using them to counteract India, but might annex them partially or completely in the process," he added.He went on: "We support the non-compromising attitude of the Indian government towards the Indo-China standoff in Doklam and even otherwise. The diplomacy of India and the tough stand it has taken have baffled and disturbed China which is evident in the chiding remarks that they are giving in the media. Chinese disrespect for human rights and democracy have exposed it in front of the world. The world now has come to recognise it to be inhuman, undemocratic and given to violent means."\r\nThe Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) formed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Saturday to investigate the rape and murder case of a minor girl in Shimla. It also registered two FIRs in the case, one for the girl and the other for the death of one of the accused in police custody. \r\nEven as Shimla continues to remain on the edge following the rape and murder of a minor girl, the CBI today filed two cases on allegation relating to rape, murder and another relating to custodial death.While the police registered a complaint under Sections 302, 376 of IPC and section 4 of POCSO Act, another complaint was filed under Section 302 at Police Station, Kotkhai of Shimla district in connection with the custodial death of one of the accused arrested by police following investigation."CBI\xa0 has today registered two cases on the orders of Hon'ble High Court of Himachal Pradesh, in CWPIL No.88 of 2017 and taken over the investigation of FIR number 97 of 2017 July 6,2017 under Sections 302, 376 of IPC & section 4 of POCSO Act,"a CBI Spokesperson said.The second case was registered on FIR number 101 on July 19 under section 302 of IPC after the custodial death of one of the co-accused on July 1 According to the complaint, the minor girl had gone to school on July 5 and did not return. Her body was found from the nearby forest area on the next day. Immediately after the incident the local police filed a complaint against unidentified persons. As investigations progressed, the police arrested six persons.One of the six accused died under mysterious circumstances in police custody few days after the arrest.The CBI today constituted a Special Investigation Team (SIT), headed by Superintendent of Police and an Additional SP and Dy SP who have taken over the probe in both the cases. \xa0LOCALS BLOCK ROADMeanwhile, locals in Shimla today blocked the National Highway 5 demanding justice in the rape and murder case. Following the incident, the district witnessed widespread protests and unrests in various parts of the state.ALSO READ:Shimla rape outrage: How Himachal, other states fare in crime against womenShimla rape case: Accused killed in custody\r\nIndia's President-elect Ram Nath Kovind, who will take the oath of the office on Tuesday, is likely to head to the Army posts in Ladakh on his maiden trip as President. According to an Army official, the process for his visit has been initiated and the approval is expected soon. Notably, the President is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces.  \r\nPresident elect Ram Nath Kovind's maiden visit after he takes over the coveted post on July 25 is likely to be the high altitude Army positions in Jammu and Kashmir's Ladakh.Kovind, who would be the 14th President of the country, is also the Supreme Commander of the armed forces."We have initiated the process and hope to get the nod soon," an Army source said.The Ladakh region also assumes significant strategic importance as it shares boundary with India's both adversaries- China in the east and Pakistan in the west.Former Bihar Governor Kovind won the presidential election with a comfortable margin against Opposition nominee Meira Kumar. After final round of counting, Kovind got 2,930 votes with a value of 702,044 out of a total of 10,69,358. \r\nThe Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) said in a report that food "unfit for human consumption" is being served by Indian Railways. It noted that an iron nail was found in a cutlet served to a passenger and fungus was found around sweets. It added that uncovered food items were found on the floor in Bihar's Chapra station.\r\nThe Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has hit out at Indian Railways for serving food ?unfit for human consumption? such as recycled, contaminated and expired items and unauthorised water brands.In a joint inspection conducted in collaboration with officials of Indian Railways at 74 stations and 80 trains between July and October 2016, the country?s top audit body observed grave deficiencies in the food hygiene standards.Here are five things the CAG said about the substandard food served to train passengers:1. An iron nail was found in a plate of cutlets offered to a passenger on the Lucknow- Anand Vihar double decker in 2016.2.Fungal growth was found around petha (sweets) served to passengers.3.Cockroaches, rats, insects and dust was noticed in pantry cars of the premier Duronto trains.4.Around 100 unsold parathas were found in the base kitchen of the North Central Railways for reuse and recycling, while uncovered food items were found on the floor at the Chapra station in Bihar5.Buckets of drinking water and beverages were found in the vestibule near the toilet area in the Paschim Express.\r\nAs many as 77 votes were declared invalid in the Presidential elections, because of invalid symbols like commas, dots, and circles, according to the people involved in counting. The number '1' with a '.' was the most common mistake, while the "1" (one in inverted commas) came second. One voter wrote '1' on Meira Kumar's name instead of the box.\r\nDots and inverted commas have come to confound political parties, who are seeking to identify rebels during the 2017 presidential poll. These led to the rejection of votes by 21 MPs and 56 MLAs, triggering much curiosity and concern among parties.These 77 votes, with a value of 20,942, might be inconsequential to the outcome: NDA candidate Ram Nath Kovind romped home with a margin of 3.67 lakh (in terms of value of votes). But there is no full stop in politics, as then Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi said after the UPA?s victory in 2009.Both the NDA and the opposition camps are anxious to know how many of the 77 invalid votes were a result of inadvertent errors and how many were by design. Over a hundred legislators were estimated to have cross-voted in valid votes.Those involved in the counting of votes on July 20 told HT that invalid ones were due to dots, inverted commas, circles and slants that electors erroneously used on their ballot papers. They were supposed to express their first preference simply with a numeral 1 ? second preference was unnecessary in a bipolar contest?in the box against the name of Kovind or Meira Kumar, the opposition parties? nominee.A Congress MLA from Haryana wrote 1. (numeral with a period-mark) rendering his vote invalid. Most of the 77 legislators made the same mistake, said those involved in counting.The second most common error was ?1?. Some put a circle around the numeric. The BJP got one vote invalidated because the 1 was slanted ?by about 30 to 40 degrees? and not perpendicular; the Congress got the same opportunity later. One of the MLAs wrote 1 over Meira Kumar?s name.Given that legislators were clearly informed about the dos and don?ts, such errors were unexpected. Many of them could be inadvertent and a result of sheer habit but the rules set by the poll watchdog were not to be bent.Senior BJD leader Bhartruhari Mahtab recalled one such instance in 2012 presidential poll in which he was the counting agent for PA Sangma. A Congress MLA from Odisha decided to go by his conscience?permitted in presidential polls where there is no party whip ? and voted for Sangma. He used Oriya numeral P and not E for 1. Although both are used for 1, his vote was rejected after the Congress objected to it.The list of possible errors is long. According to Anoop Mishra, secretary general of the Lok Sabha and the Returning Officer for the presidential poll, any of these can lead a vote invalid: Writing the same preference number outside both candidate?s names, putting a tick mark, or writing outside the box. ?Votes can also be declared invalid if there are any other marks, which are not required and which can later identify the voter. These can even be a dot, a line or even a wrong-coloured ink,? he told HT.Deepender Singh Hooda, counting agent for Meira Kumar, maintained that ?broadly, votes for both sides got cancelled? due to errors, but the BJP seemed better prepared. Senior BJP leader Bhupendra Yadav, counting agent for Kovind, said that a day before the poling, his party had made a presentation to its legislators on voting rules.?It?s possible that some members themselves might have got their votes rejected, but there could also be inadvertent errors. The Election Commission should think of a better way to ensure that votes are not rejected,? said Hooda.\r\nUK retailer Boots has said it is "truly sorry" for the way it responded to a campaign calling for it to cut the price of emergency contraception and said it is looking for cheaper alternatives. The announcement came amid calls for boycott. Boots earlier said it wouldn't lower the morning-after pill's price because it didn't want to 'incentivise inappropriate use'.\r\nBoots has said it is ?truly sorry? for the way it responded to a campaign calling for it to cut the price of emergency contraception and said it is looking for cheaper alternatives. The announcement, late on Friday night, came after news that the women?s parliamentary Labour party (PLP) had written to the store?s chief pharmacist to express ?deep concern? about the company?s refusal to reduce the price of emergency contraception, and as calls for a boycott continue to grow. Boots had said on Thursday it would not lower the cost of the morning-after pill despite a campaign from the British Pregnancy Advisory Service (BPAS), a leading provider of abortion care, with its chief pharmacist, Marc Donovan, stating that the company did not want to be accused of ?incentivising inappropriate use?. Campaigners said the statement was insulting and sexist, and on Friday Anna Soubry, the Conservative MP for Broxtowe ? where the Boots headquarters is located ? said she was also writing a letter to the company asking it to make clear its reasons for not reducing prices.Labour women join @bpas1968 in their campaign to demand @BootsUK rethink moral judgements and sheepish assertions on emergency contraceptive pic.twitter.com/y5N670TQ4IThe Labour letter, signed by the chair of the women?s parliamentary Labour party, Jess Phillips, as well as a number of prominent MPs including Harriet Harman, Yvette Cooper and Rachel Reeves, said: ?Boots is the largest high-street pharmacy in the UK, and 90% of the population lives within 10 minutes of one of their shops. ?It is therefore completely unacceptable that British women have been paying up to \xa330 for a pill that costs a fraction of that to produce. The high cost of emergency contraception at Boots is preventing women from accessing it when needed.?Both Tesco and Superdrug halved the price of their emergency contraceptive following the BPAS campaign, but Boots continues to charge \xa328.25 for Levonelle emergency contraceptive (the leading brand) and \xa326.75 for its own generic version. Tesco now charges \xa313.50 for Levonelle and Superdrug \xa313.49 for a generic version. In France, the tablet costs \xa35.50.This is why Boots refuse to reduce the price of emergency contraception. Angry? Email @BootsUK now: https://t.co/g8NW8VAHX3 #JustSayNon pic.twitter.com/ohk3GBkBJs?Boots? justification infantalises women and places a moral judgment on them,? Phillips told the Guardian. ?Their pricing is clearly for commercial gain as Tesco and Superdrug have addressed this issue with sensible pricing.?Women do not need to be disincentivised by Boots to make personal choices about their bodies. We women go to Boots for our products, not moral guidance. Public opinion is not on their side so if they are worried about complaints they are listening to the wrong voices and customers should vote with their feet.? Phillips said she did not believe Boots ?would ever pass moral judgment on men?s contraceptives?. ?Do they give a lecture on consent with all condom purchases?? she said.In a recent YouGov survey, the median cost suggested by women for emergency contraception was \xa38, and the median cost suggested by men was \xa35. Almost a third of women and a quarter of men, the Labour letter added, believed emergency contraception should be free of charge.?Concern about adverse criticism from pressure groups seems a very strange reason not to do the right thing,? Soubry said. ?This is perfectly proper and lawful treatment. I?ve always found Boots to be an excellent business company, they employ a lot of people in my constituency, they are a valued employer and they?ve always had a strong desire to do the right thing throughout the whole of their long history. So not doing this doesn?t sit with the way Boots normally operates and the high standing it has locally. ?I would hope that they would be true to their tradition of doing the right thing, and doing the right thing is not giving in to pressure from the noisiest quarters. I am asking them for what reasons they are not reducing the cost of the morning-after pill given that other companies have reduced the charge. I urge them to reduce prices in accordance with their competitors.?The MP Stella Creasy tweeted that Boots? decision ?contravenes consumer rights act given adds disproportionate charge which is not advertised?, while the writer Marian Keyes was among those condemning the company on Twitter, saying she would be ?withdrawing my (considerable) custom?.This is awful @BootsUK @BootsHelp & also contravenes consumer rights act given adds disproportionate charge which is not advertised.. https://t.co/DAvDiN1hAqAnnouncing the retailer?s change of stance on Friday night, a spokesman for Boots said: ?Pharmacy and care for customers are at the heart of everything we do, and as such we are truly sorry that our poor choice of words in describing our position on emergency hormonal contraception has caused offence and misunderstanding, and we sincerely apologise.? In his original response to campaigners, Donovan said that Boots considered the issue very carefully but pointed out that the morning-after pill is already available for free in community pharmacies and NHS services. Sophie Walker, leader of the Women?s Equality party, which had joined forces with BPAS to call for a boycott using the hashtag #justsaynon, said that the morning-after pill can be difficult to access for free on the NHS, with appointments at GP surgeries or family planning clinics hard to obtain at short notice. ?Many women will need to buy these pills over the counter, and it is irresponsible and exploitative for retailers to charge over the odds for them ... Boots? approach to this concern is indicative of a society that prioritises profit over women?s health and wellbeing,? Walker said.Ann Clwyd MP, co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on sexual and reproductive health, said: ?Boots need to wise up. The reality is there are too many unwanted births. How come the tablets are available in France for \xa35.50? A case of Boots? profit priority, I would say.?\r\nMumbai police has arrested a BMC sweeper who would pose as a Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (MHADA) official by night and dupe people by illegally sanctioning flats. The accused claimed he would give the keys of the flat soon, but would say he was waiting for an auspicious day whenever a victim called to ask, an officer said. \r\n?The Sion police have arrested a 47-year-old BMC employee who would work as a sweeper by day and pose as a high-level Mhada official by night.According to the police, the accused, Rajendra Shankar Ghadge, is a resident of Govandi. He would hide his face with a scarf while working as a BMC sweeper during the daytime, but would leave the premises wearing a suit and a tie.The police said the accused was arrested from his native place in Satara.The police said in 2015, one of the complainants, Sandeep Mane, a Sion resident, met the accused through a common friend.The accused told Mane he was responsible for sanctioning ten Mhada flats.An officer from Sion police station, on condition of anonymity, said, ?Ghadge claimed Mhada rooms were worth Rs40 lakh, but he could help them own a house for Rs7 lakh. He was fluent in English and smooth-talked the victim and convinced him to pay the amount.?Mane took loans from his friends and relatives and sold his wife?s jewellery to collect Rs7 lakh, which he gave Ghadge in 2016.?The accused claimed he would be giving them the keys of the house at the earliest. But whenever the victim called him, Ghadge would say he was waiting for an auspicious day,? said an officer.Later, Ghage began ignoring Mane?s calls after which a complaint was filed with Sion police station.After preliminary investigations, police registered a cheating case against Ghadge.Looking for the accused, a police team reached the M ward of the BMC. Following this, he fled to his native Satara. A team was then dispatched to Satara and the accused was caught.The police found Ghadge has cheated more then 10 people, amassing at least Rs1 crore.The officer said, ?The accused had even lied to his family members and close friends that he was a high-level BMC officer. So he started cheating and looking at his standard of living, none of his friends or family ever questioned his profession.?\r\nBJP National President Amit Shah said on Saturday that the Ram Temple in Ayodhya should be constructed in a legal manner. "The party?s stand is clear and mentioned in the last four Lok Sabha election manifestos. The temple should be constructed in a legal manner and there should be mutual dialogue," he said during his visit to Uttar Pradesh.\r\nBJP President Amit Shah on Saturday said his party wants the Ram temple in Ayodhya to be constructed in a legal manner after mutual dialogue.?The party?s stand is clear and mentioned in the last four Lok Sabha election manifestos. The temple should be constructed in a legal manner and there should be mutual dialogue,? he said at a press conference here.On suggestions that the creamy layer among SCs/STs should be excluded from reservation benefits, the BJP supremo said a decision can only be taken after discussion with all parties in Parliament.Shah, who is a on a three-day visit to the state, said that all political parties should discuss the issue of holding Lok Sabha and assembly elections simultaneously and take it up with the Election Commission.?We definitely want that Lok Sabha and state assembly elections should be held together.?The BJP believes in the concept and Prime Minister Narendra Modi has also expressed his desire with all political parties for discussion,? he said.Addressing the press conference, Shah referred to major steps by the BJP-led government in Centre, including demonetisation, GST implementation and shutting down shell companies.He said the BJP was never against GST implementation by UPA-led government but it was against the way it was sought to be implemented.?The states were demanding that losses incurred by them should be fully compensated by the Centre. We accepted their demands while implementing the GST and now the states are with us,? Shah said in reply to a question.?There were apprehensions raised by the Opposition, but people of the country have accepted it,? he said.Asked whether the government intends to bring any legislation on cow protection, Shah said that such laws already exist in BJP-ruled states.  \r\nA 22-year-old Delhi man was arrested on Thursday for allegedly kidnapping two children in order to force their mother to marry him. Their father had complained to the police that the children were kidnapped from school and was reportedly suspicious of the accused, who was the mother's friend. The children, aged 8 and 10, were rescued.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 21 (PTI) A 22-year-old man has been arrested for allegedly kidnapping two children in order to pressure their mother into marrying him, the police said today. The incident was reported from northeast Delhis Jafrabad area. The accused, Raja, was arrested yesterday from Ghaziabad and the children, aged eight and 10 were rescued, said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Northeast) AK Singla. \r\nIndian tennis player Vishnu Vardhan won the men's doubles event at the $125,000 ATP Astana Challenger with Japanese partner Toshihide Matsui on Saturday, clinching his second Challenger title of the season. The Indo-Japanese pair defeated the Russian pair of Evgeny Karlovskiy and Evgeny Tyurnev 7-6(3), 6-7(5), 10-7. Vardhan, ranked 179th, has already won six ITF Futures doubles titles this season.\r\nVishnu Vardhan won his second Challenger level title of the season with Japanese partner Toshihide Matsui but four other Indians, including Leander Paes, tumbled out of various ATP events across the globe.Vardhan and Matsui pipped Russia?s Evgeny Karlovskiy and Evgeny Tyurnev 7-6(3) 6-7(5) 10-7 in a tight final of the President?s Cup in Astana, Kazakhstan.Vardhan and Matsui saved three of the four breakpoints they faced in the summit clash, which lasted one hour and 44 minutes. The win got Vardhan the biggest title triumph of his career.READ?|?Ilie Nastase banned by ITF over Fed Cup tiradeVardhan had won Fergana title last month with compatriot N Sriram Balaji and had ended runner-up in Samarkand with Prajnesh Gunneswaran.Vardhan, ranked 179th, has already won six ITF Futures doubles titles this season.?It has been an incredible week, it is the biggest title so far of my career after a bad injury lay-off in 2013 and 2014. I am really happy to be back at this level,? Vardhan told PTI from Astana.?Last week, me and Matsui lost in the first round of an ITF event, having six match points. But we kept our head high and worked together for a fortnight,? he added.READ?|?Roger Federer says winning three slams in one year would be a ?joke?Vardhan credited former national champion Ashutosh Singh, who is now a coach, for helping him with his game.?Ashutosh helped me, taking his time out and pushing me when I was in Delhi in between my tournaments which kept me motivated,? he said adding that his Hyderabad-based coach CV Nagraj and trainer Latheef have also played a crucial role in his progress.Meanwhile, veteran Paes and his partner Sam Groth made a semifinal exit from the ATP 250 Hall of Fame Open in Newport (USA), following a 6-4 6-7(6) 9-11 defeat to Pakistan?s Aisam ul-haq Qureshi and America?s Rajeev Ram.READ?|?Chennai Open renamed to Maharashtra Open, to be held in PuneLosing the quarterfinal of the same event was the Indian pair of Divij Sharan and Purav Raja. They lost 6-7 (5) 6-7 (4) to the Australian team of Matt Reid John-Patrick Smith in Newport.In singles, Yuki Bhambri went down fighting in the quarterfinals of Gatineau Challenger in Canada. He suffered a 3-6 6-4 4-6 defeat against America?s Alexander Sarkissian.\r\nA 32-year-old Delhi driver was arrested for masturbating at a 33-year-old German woman in south Delhi's Greater Kailash II. The woman was walking her dog in the area when she noticed the man staring her. When she walked further, he removed his pants and started masturbating while looking at her. She screamed at him and clicked pictures of his car.\r\nA 32-year-old driver has been arrested for allegedly masturbating in front of a foreign woman while she was taking her dog out for a walk in the posh Greater Kailash neighbourhood on Thursday afternoon.When the 33-year-old German national confronted the man, he tried to escape in his car. But the woman used her presence of mind to take a photo of the man?s car, an act that led to his arrest on Saturday.The woman hails from Berlin in Germany and is pursuing her PhD from Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU). Having arrived in India last year, she had taken a rented accommodation in Greater Kailash 2.The incident happened around 2.45 pm on Thursday. The woman was walking her dog in the neighbourhood, when she noticed a man staring at her. She paused for a moment, but continued walking her dog again.?Suddenly, the man removed his trousers and began masturbating while staring at the woman, leaving her shocked,? said Romil Baaniya, deputy commissioner of police (south-east).The woman decided to confront the man and began screaming at him, but he chose to run into his Maruti Suzuki Ritz car that was parked nearby.?But the woman decided not to let him get away easily. She immediately brought out her mobile phone and took photos of the car, ensuring the registration number was captured,? said the DCP.Even as the man drove away, the woman dialled the police control room. A police team immediately arrived at the spot. ?The woman provided us the photos she had taken and described the man?s features in detail,? said an investigator.The inputs from the woman proved vital. Using the registration number, the police first tracked down the car?s original owner. The owner told police he had sold the car to a man who lived in the Hodal village in Haryana?s Palwal district.A police team reached Hodal to track down the car?s new owner. He led them to the suspect ? Tarun Kumar, his driver. Tarun told police he had dropped off the car owner?s relative at a mall in south Delhi before heading to a park in Greater Kailash to while away his time.Initially, he pleaded innocence claiming that he was urinating on the roadside, but allegedly broke down and confessed to the crime when confronted with the woman?s version.He has been booked for crimes such as performing an obscene act and using a gesture intended to outrage the modesty of a woman. No previous criminal cases against him has been found, said police.The DCP, meanwhile, used this case to call out to other women to ?stand for themselves?. ?One may see her (the German woman) as a victim in this case, but we see her as a hero of this story,? said Baaniya.\r\nNew Delhi Municipal Council is reportedly planning to stop vehicular movement in Connaught Place on weekends in order to decongest the area which gets around 5 lakh visitors every day. A pilot-launch of the plan is scheduled for August and after studying traffic flow and parking issues, the Council will decide whether the arrangement should be made permanent or not.\r\nDelhi?s iconic shopping arcade, Connaught Place is set to go car-free and become pedestrian-friendly from August even though traders opposed the move, fearing it would kill their business.An official of the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) who did not wish to be named said the council plans to carry out the pedestrian-only campaign in the weekends.?We plan to close down vehicle movement from 4pm on Friday and will continue it on Saturday and Sunday. This will be a soft launch of sorts in August, after which we can proceed towards making CP a no-vehicle zone in phases based on the response,? the official told HT.?We will study traffic flow, parking issues and experiences of pedestrians and shop owners,? he said, adding that based on the feedback, they will decide whether to make the arrangement permanent.The three-month trial for a car-free Connaught Place, which the NDMC had planned in February, was put off after opposition from traders at the popular shopping hub.Traders have threatened to protest again, saying Saturdays, Sundays, and even Mondays were peak days of business for them.?We are absolutely against it. It is not practical at all to not allow vehicles inside Connaught Place. And this soft launch is the perfect way to kill business. ?Saturday and Sunday and even Monday are the peak days for us. We will go all out to stop it. We can?t allow them to kill our livelihoods,? New Delhi Traders? Association (NDTA) president Atul Bhargav said.Traffic at Connaught Place is a nightmare on most days. The situation worsens on weekends and public holidays.The car-free plan, given a go-ahead by the Union urban development ministry after extensive talks with NDMC and traffic police in early January, aims to decongest the heritage shopping arcade which gets around 5 lakh visitors a day. Nearly 2,000 parking spaces ? 1,500 in inner circle and 400-500 in middle circle ? are to be removed.Authorities had proposed two ways to implement the project. In the first, cars will be allowed to enter from Janpath, people will alight at Palika Bazar or Palika Parking and exit through Baba Kharak Singh Marg. The second plan had proposed that cars will be allowed in the middle circle but only to drop visitors and shoppers, making it a no-parking zone.Officials say free ?park and ride? services from major parking areas at Shivaji Stadium, Baba Kharak Singh Marg and Palika parking will be made available. The council has plans to make battery-operated vehicles and cycles-for-hire available to get to and come back from Connaught Place.Pedestrian-only zones are popular abroad. London, Montreal and Copenhagen have areas where no vehicles are allowed. Many cities in Europe and Asia also have car-free zones. In Puducherry, Goubert Avenue that runs along the French Quarters is closed to motorised vehicles after 5pm.\r\nThree members of a gang have been arrested for wearing khaki uniform and posing as policemen to rob people in Delhi. The gang dressed as policemen would reportedly check the target vehicle's documents, rob the occupants at gunpoint, and then throw them outside at an isolated stretch of road. Two other members of the gang are still on the run.  \r\nA gang of robbers who wore khaki uniform and posed as policemen to rob people in Delhi has been busted, police said on Thursday.Their latest heist was on last Saturday when they targeted jewellers in east Delhi?s Mayur Vihar and made away with their car and silvery jewellery worth over Rs 17 lakh.While three men involved in the robbery have been arrested, their two associates remain on the run. Having recovered some of the robbed jewellery, police said they were hopeful of recovering much of the rest.These robbers relied on people?s fear of policemen to execute their robberies. Each member of this gang would be dressed in police uniforms and would travel in two different cars, an Ertiga and an Elantra.Once they would choose a vehicle as their target, they would chase and intercept it. Then posing as policemen, they would begin checking the vehicle?s documents.As soon as they would sense that the vehicle?s occupants were relaxed, they would seize the opportunity to enter the vehicle and abduct them at gunpoint, said Ram Gopal Naik, DCP (crime).The kidnapped persons would then be separated and loaded into the three different vehicles before being robbed. They would then be thrown outside at an isolated stretch of road.In their latest robbery on Saturday, they had intercepted a Honda City car in which three jewellers were travelling near Star City Mall in Mayur Vihar. After robbing their car and the silver jewellery items they were carrying, they threw the  jewellers on the roadside.Police said they had deployed their sources to help identify the robbers. On Wednesday, one of them tipped off the investigators about some of these robbers visited Siraspur in north Delhi to sell off some of the robbed jewellery.Police laid a trap and arrested three suspects, Bharat Bhushan, Pankaj and Ravi Datta. At their instance, the police were able to recover seven kilos of the robbed silver.\r\nRaveesh Kumar is reportedly going to be the next spokesperson of the Ministry of External Affairs. Kumar, who is currently posted in Frankfurt as Consul General of India, is a 1995-batch IFS officer. He will replace Gopal Baglay, who was appointed as the joint secretary in the Prime Minister?s Office on Friday. \r\nRaveesh Kumar, a 1995-batch IFS officer who is currently posted in Frankfurt as Consul General of India, is understood to be the next spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs. Kumar will replace Gopal Baglay, who was on Friday appointed the joint secretary in the Prime Minister?s Office.The IFS?officer started his career at the Indian Mission in Jakarta. It was followed by a stint in Thimphu and London.During his previous tenure in Delhi, he looked after the East Asia desk.\r\nIndian Super League side Atletico de Kolkata has been renamed to 'Aamar, Tomar Kolkata' (ATK) after the team's partnership with Spanish football club Atletico Madrid ended. The Spanish club, which had provided technical support to the Indian club, will be selling their stake in the club to the club's principal owner Sanjiv Goenka. \r\nFor Atletico de Kolkata (ATK) there is lots in a name. Or an acronym.So though Atletico Madrid won?t partner anymore, the Kolkata franchise of the Indian Super League (ISL) will continue to be known as ATK, said its principal owner Sanjiv Goenka.And would ATK continue to stand for what is was over the past three years? ?The name of the team is the name of the team and it is ATK. It can also stand for Aamar, Tomar Kolkata,? said Goenka. Translated from Bengali, that would mean the team for every Kolkatan.Speaking after the media conference where Goenka said this, a team official said it is premature to say that henceforth ATK would stand for something apart from what was coined three years ago after the La Liga giants came on board with a 25% stake in the ownership.?ATM (Atletico de Madrid) will sell their stake to me,? said Goenka. ?ATM and ATK have come to an agreement that they will not be part of ATK going forward. We?ve had a good relationship and we continue to be friends.?Goenka pointed out that the Madrid club hadn?t spent ?a penny? since joining in 2014. Atletico Madrid provided technical support including but not restricted to the coaching staff. They facilitated the pre-seasons in Madrid and were a major help in recruiting foreign players. The consistency of their imports played a major role in ATK winning two championships and being the semi-finalists in another.?We have competent technical team. Teddy (Sheringham) and Ashley (Westwood) bring a lot of experience, success and vision. And I hope we can fulfil expectation fans have from us. We have not let our fans down in the last three years,? said Goenka.?Babes compared to Bagan, EB?Goenka said even though the I-League and the ISL would be held simultaneously this season, there is no competition between ATK and Mohun Bagan and East Bengal in terms of garnering support. ?Mohun Bagan and East Bengal are great clubs with great legacies. We?ve grown up watching them, idolising them. We are not competing with anyone. They are ?dadas?, we are ?bachchas?,? he said.\r\nA transgender person should have the option to choose either "man, woman, or transgender", according to a parliamentary committee's report on The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Bill. Earlier, it was recommended in the Bill that a transgender should be declared as the third gender. \r\nAs the bill to provide rights to transgender community is being debated at length, Parliament's Standing Committee on Social Justice And Empowerment has recommended that a transgender person should have the option to choose either "man, woman or transgender".Earlier, it was recommended in the bill that transgender should be declared as the Third Gender.The Standing Committee's tabled its report on The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Bill, 2016.The Committee headed by Ramesh Bais, also stated that it would like to assure and remind to all the members of transgender community that, "A historic shift is underway, you are not alone in your struggle for the end of violence and discrimination. It is a shared struggle. Transgender is not an anomaly. It is a part of the spectrum of people's realities. While there is no shame in being gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender or intersex or even straight - there is a must shame and dishonour in being a homophobe, a transphobe and a bigot."The Parliamentary Panel found that the present definition of transgender person does not conform with the definition prescribed by the Supreme Court.The Committee felt that the definition of 'transgender person' will be the fulcrum of any legislation on transgender rights and welfare and the whole law would depend on the scope of this definition.The Committee felt that the proposed definition of 'transgender person' in the bill is in stark contrast to global developments, where transgender persons have been granted the right to self determine and to seek benefits according to such identity. More So, it not only violates the fundamental rights to equality, dignity, autonomy, but also freedom of transgender persons guaranteed under Article 14, 19 and 21 of the constitution.Whereas Bill defines Transgender as: Neither Wholly female or wholly male. A combination of female or male.The Standing Committee also recommended a change in Clause 2(c) in bill which defines ''inclusive education'' for transgenders.The committee recommended: Inclusive education means a system of education wherein transgender and gender non-conforming students along with other students learn together without the fear of bullying , singling out and other forms of harassment and the system of teaching and learning is suitably adapted to meet the learning needs of such students.The Standing Committee on Social Justice even recommended that Central and State governments and civil society should adopt measures for generating awareness regarding transgenders.\r\nHigh street chemist Boots is facing criticism after refusing to reduce the cost of a morning-after pill. The British Pregnancy Advisory Service had asked retailers to offer a more affordable product. Boots said it would not lower the price as it did not want to be accused of "incentivising inappropriate use", which campaigners said was insulting and sexist.\r\nThere have been calls for a boycott of Boots after the chemist refused to lower the cost of the morning-after pill for fear it would encourage over-use. Rivals Tesco and Superdrug halved the price of the emergency contraceptive following a campaign from the British Pregnancy Advisory Service (BPAS), a leading provider of abortion care.The charity had written to retailers asking them to consider offering a more affordable product, after it was revealed that British women are forced to pay up to five times more than their European peers for the contraceptive.Boots, however, said it would not lower the price as it did not want to be accused of ?incentivising inappropriate use?. Campaigners said its statement was insulting and sexist. Around 4% of British women of reproductive age use emergency contraception in any given year. Boots charges \xa328.25 for Levonelle emergency contraceptive (the leading brand) and \xa326.75 for its own generic version. Tesco now charges \xa313.50 for Levonelle and Superdrug \xa313.49 for a generic version. In France, the tablet costs \xa35.50.A letter seen by the Guardian to BPAS from Marc Donovan, chief pharmacist of Boots UK, said it had considered the issue very carefully, but pointed out that it is already available for free in community pharmacies and NHS services.However, towards the end of the letter, Donovan wrote: ?In our experience the subject of emergency hormonal contraception polarises public opinion and we receive frequent contact from individuals who voice their disapproval of the fact that the company chooses to provide this service. ?We would not want to be accused of incentivising inappropriate use, and provoking complaints, by significantly reducing the price of this product.?BPAS said deliberately setting the price high to prevent women from using it regularly was both ?patronising and insulting?. Clare Murphy, director of external affairs at BPAS, said: ?There is no doubt about it: the high price of [emergency contraception] is an absolute barrier to women?s access to this product and puts women needlessly at risk of unwanted pregnancy.?Murphy wrote back to Donovan after Tesco and Superdrug reduced the price, asking him to reconsider Boots? position. ?He wrote back and said they weren?t changing their minds and the letter still stood,? she said. Sophie Walker, leader of the Women?s Equality Party, which has joined forces with BPAS to call for a boycott using the hashtag #justsaynon, said that the morning-after pill can be difficult to access for free on the NHS, with appointments at GP surgeries or family planning clinics hard to obtain at short notice.She said: ?Many women will need to buy these pills over the counter, and it is irresponsible and exploitative for retailers to charge over the odds for them ... Boots? approach to this concern is indicative of a society that prioritises profit over women?s health and wellbeing.?When asked for a comment, Boots released a statement that did not discuss the price, nor its reasons for justifying it being kept high, but instead said the sale of the pill was a ?professional healthcare service which, we believe, requires a professional healthcare consultation?.When asked if the reason for the higher price was due to the provision of consultations, Boots did not respond with a comment. \r\nAccording to an analysis by National Centre for Advocacy Studies, ?1,084 crore or 81% of ?1,339 crore released by Maharashtra government to provide food for malnourished children in April- June 2017 remained unused. Most of the money spent under Centre's Integrated Child Development Scheme was used in providing ready-to-cook food items, which allegedly taste bad and cause indigestion.n\r\nOnly 19% or Rs339.9crore of Rs1,339crore released by the state government to provide food for malnourished children was used between April and June 2017, according to an analysis by the National Centre for Advocacy Studies (NCAS), which is based in Pune. Of the spent money under the Centre?s Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS), most of it was used for the Take Home Ration (THR) scheme, which provides ready-to-cook food items to infants from 0 to 3 years, adolescent girls, pregnant and lactating women. The THR scheme comes under the ICDS.Several studied have shown that the ready-to-cook food tastes bad, causes indigestion and is mostly fed to cattle and other livestock.?Around 98% of the children did not like the taste of the THR supplements. 40% of the families said that it smelled bad and was difficult to cook. Some of them complained of indigestion. Some even found worms in the sealed packets,? according to a previous study conducted by NGOs, Rachna, Khoj, Aamhi Aamchya Aarogyasathi, Janaarth, Lokseva Sangam and Sathi. Amit Narkar of the NCAS has questioned why the government is spending so much on the THR scheme, when reports suggest that the food is not palatable. ?The government needs to give this issue a serious thought,? he has said. Earlier, the state government used to distribute three packets of powdered food, comprising sheera, upma and sattu.Meanwhile, Anganwadi workers and helpers hired by the government to run the ICDS programme have complained that their salaries haven?t been paid. ?Three years ago, the central government cut their funding for ICDS, but the state government did not increase the budget. Instead, they have reduced it even further,? Shubha Shamim, secretary of Anganwadi Karmchari Sangathana, has said.\r\nThe Mora coastal police in Mumbai have stopped their daily patrolling of Elephanta Island after passenger boat services from Mora were terminated due to heavy rains. Residents have complained that the local police is not taking the required measures for their security. The island has a population of around 2,000 people and is visited by 3,000- 4,000 tourists every day. \r\nThe police have stopped visiting and patrolling on the Elephanta Island, the popular tourist spot for past few days, as the passenger boat services from Mora in Navi Mumbai have been terminated due to heavy rains. The Mora coastal police do not have speed boats (or any boats) to go the island. \xa0The island, which has a population of around 2,000, comes in the jurisdiction of the Navi Mumbai police. Every day, police officials from the Mora coastal police station leave for the island in the morning in the passenger boats that ferry the local villagers and come back in the evening.However, that boat service has been terminated temporarily due to heavy rains and high tides over the past few days. As the police have no other options, they have stopped visiting the island for now.?Because of incessant rains and high tides, it has become very difficult to negotiate with the sea. The passenger boats that ferry people to the island could easily overturn during such situations. Due to lack of transportation system, our officials are not visiting the island for the past several days,? said an official from Mora police station.Mukunda Bhosale, senior police inspector of Mora police station said that police officials will be sent to the island, as soon as the passenger boat services are started. However, he refused to comment on how they would tackle the situation if a major crime or terror attack takes place on the island when there is no boat to visit the island.Hemant Nagrale, the police commissioner of Navi Mumbai was unavailable for comments.According to the Maharashtra tourism department, 3,000-4,000 tourists including foreign nationals visit the\xa0Elephtanta Island\xa0every day when boats are available from the Gateway of India in Mumbai. The number of tourists increases during weekends and festivals like Christmas and New Year.How safe is the Elephanta Island?The\xa0Elephanta\xa0Island, previously known as Gharapuri, houses three villages- Rajbunder, Shetbunder and Morabunder, with a population of around 2,000. According to the Gharapuri Gram Panchayat officials, around 8 lakh tourists visited the\xa0island\xa0in 2016 and around 30% of them were foreign tourists.?There is enough to do when it comes to safety and security of the people at the\xa0island. Tourists who come from Gateway of India are checked by the Mumbai police before they board the ferries. But there is no such system to check the people who come from other places of Navi Mumbai. We have asked the local police to take some requisite measures many\xa0a\xa0time, but to no avail,? said Sunil Padte, sarpanch of Gharapuri gram panchayat.\xa0\xa0\r\nAn Indian man, Balbir Singh aka Ranjit Singh has been convicted for using a fake identity to obtain American citizenship and faces up to 10 years in prison and a maximum possible fine of $250,000. Singh had attempted to obtain asylum under false pretences, however, when his attempt failed he changed his name and other details to obtain immigration.n\r\nAn Indian man, who was ordered deported, has been convicted for using fake identity to obtain American citizenship, an acting US attorney has said.Balbir Singh aka Ranjit Singh, 50, faces up to 10 years in federal prison, a maximum $250,000 possible fine, revocation of his citizenship and enforcement of his outstanding deportation order.According to acting US attorney Abe Martinez, Balbir Singh had previously attempted to obtain asylum under false pretences. When that attempt failed, an immigration judge then ordered his deportation from the US, thus making him ineligible to ever become a naturalised citizen.A resident of Houston, Singh, instead of leaving the country, changed his name, date of birth, the manner in which he entered the US and his familial history so that he could obtain lawful immigration status, and later naturalisation, based on a marriage to a US citizen.In the process of obtaining the citizenship, he denied ever being ordered deported, seeking asylum or using a different identity. ?In addition, Singh sent a letter to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in 2013. In it, he complained about the anxiety and frustration he experienced in having to wait for an extended period at the airport every time he returned from an international trip due to discrepancies in his biometric information. He requested DHS clear these discrepancies,? the Justice Department said.After obtaining the citizenship, a fingerprint comparison established the man previously ordered deported from the US (Balbir Singh) and the man who later became a naturalised citizen (Ranjit Singh) were one and the same.Accepting the plea, US district judge Ewing Werlein set sentencing for October 13.\r\nThe Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation has formed 'Special 360' team to tackle spreading of dengue in the city. The team will visit areas with highest number of dengue cases across 24 wards to check mosquito breeding and to create awareness. This comes after 59 patients tested positive for dengue at city hospitals between June 1 and July 15 this year.\r\nThe civic body has formed ?Special 360? to tackle dengue in the most vulnerable pockets of Mumbai. Officials said the team will visit areas with highest dengue cases across 24 wards and will study data compiled in the past three years to contain dengue menace in the city.\xa0Between June 1 to July 15, 59 patients who tested positive for dengue were treated at various city hospitals. Simultaneously, Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation?s (BMC) public health department said that 125 cases, which could be dengue, were registered at civic hospitals in July.\xa0?Data from the past two years suggests that 80% of dengue patients had mosquito breeding spots in or around their homes. Hence, we created a special team to focus on problem areas, destroy repeated breeding grounds and create awareness among people to keep their surroundings clean,? said Rajan Naringrekar, insecticide officer, BMC.\xa0Officials said the team will target Aedes aegypti mosquito, the carrier of dengue and yellow fever, which lays around 100-150 eggs at a time, and undergoes four reproductive cycles during her three-week lifespan.\xa0?Each of the three teams, comprising five officials, is equipped with equipment that be used to check every corner of a building or a house. If a breeding site is found, it?s destroyed and stagnant water is cleared,? said Naringrekar.\xa0He added that localities were shortlisted based after studying last three year?s data and number of dengue cases recorded, which was provided by the public health department.\xa0The officials from insecticide department claimed to have destroyed more than 10,000 dengue and malaria mosquito breeding sites this year. Naringrekar said the dengue brigade will work alongside yearly surveillance teams, but will focus on wards where dengue problem is intense.\r\nThe Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) Andheri (East) ward office is hosting over 40 waste management companies to raise awareness among residents and school students about waste management. This comes after the BMC sent around 4,000 notices to housing societies and other institutions in the area for failing to segregate waste.\r\nAfter Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) sent around 4,000 notices to housing societies, hotels, hospitals and other institutions in Andheri (East) for failing to segregate waste, it is holding a three-day exhibition to raise awareness among residents and school students about waste management. The ward office of the area is hosting more than 40 waste management companies from across the country to interact with residents. The exhibition, which is being held from 11am to 5pm, started on Friday and will end on Sunday. Assistant municipal commissioner Devendrakumar Jain said, ?We are building a platform to bring companies and citizens together. Citizens will be shown methods of segregating organic waste, processing it and vermi-composting it.?Also, 250 students of Little Flower High School, Andheri (E) attended the workshop on Friday. Ladislaus Pereira, chairman of Gundavali Residents? Association and trustee of the school, said, ?Officials should also take feedback from citizens who face problems with segregation and composting.?According to civic officials, the companies participating in the workshop are based in Bangalore, Nashik, Pune, Thane and Navi Mumbai. Jain also said the residents can place orders for equipments they want to buy at the workshop. Over the past six months, the civic authority sent out more than 23,000 notices to housing societies across wards.\r\nJ&K police on Friday seized 66.5 kgs of drugs, worth ?300 crore from a truck that came from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. The drugs were hidden among boxes of garments in the truck, and were found during checking at the trade facilitation centre in Uri near the Line of Control. Police have detained the truck driver, a resident of PoK, for questioning.\r\nIn a major drug bust, the Baramulla Police today seized 66.5 kilograms of suspected heroin worth Rs 300 crore from a truck that originated from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.The truck was purportedly carrying boxes full of garments, but hidden among the boxes were packets of narcotics. The truck, numbered AJK XA-267, originated from\xa0 Muzzaffarabad in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir and was headed towards Uri in Kashmir. Officials posted at the LoC Trade Centre in Salamabad, Uri, who were already on the lookout for such a truck after receiving intelligence inputs about the movement of drugs, stopped the lorry and carried out a search, which led to the recovery of the narcotics.The driver of the truck - a PoK man named Syed Yousuf - has been arrested, but officials believe he is just a small-time operative. A case has registered under various sections of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance Act (NDPSA).Two men - a fabric businessman and his relative - are believed to be responsible for the drug consignment. They have been identified and are being tracked, Baramulla SSP Imtiyaz Hussaid said.ONE OF THE BIGGEST HAULSToday's drug haul is one of the biggest in Jammu and Kashmir. The state's biggest ever drug was in 2014 when over 100 kilogram of brown sugar was seized. The 2014 consignment too came from PoK. Cross LoC trade at the Chakoti-Uri section has been under radar of intelligence and security agencies for a while now. Agencies are also concerned at that LoC trade routes are being used to by terror associates to route Fake Indian Currency Notes (FICNs) into India.\r\nThe Los Angeles County coroner confirmed on Friday that 41-year-old Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington died by hanging. The coroner said a half-empty bottle of alcohol was found in the room, but no drugs were evident. Bennington reportedly struggled with drug and alcohol addictions at various times during his life. No suicide note was found at the site. \r\nThe Los Angeles County coroner confirmed on Friday that Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington died by hanging.Coroner?s office spokesperson Ed Winter says the 41-year-old rocker hanged himself from a bedroom door in his home near Los Angeles. Bennington was found dead Thursday. Winter says a half-empty bottle of alcohol was found in the room, but no drugs were evident. Bennington struggled with drug and alcohol addictions at various times during his life. A suicide note was not found.An autopsy has not yet been scheduled. Bennington was one of two lead vocalists for Linkin Park, who became one of the most commercially successful acts of the 2000s. They won countless awards, including Grammys, and their hits include ?In the End,? ??What I?ve Done? and ?Numb.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nTechnology major Apple is reportedly working with Chinese battery manufacturer Contemporary Amperex to develop electric automotive batteries. Apple received a permit to start testing self-driving cars in April this year. The company's CEO Tim Cook has also confirmed that Apple is building technology for self-driving cars, but did not say whether it will make a car of its own.\r\nApple is secretly working with a Chinese battery manufacturer on automotive battery research and development, indicating its continued pursuit of its electric car project.The Cupertino-based tech giant is working with Contemporary Amperex Technology Ltd. (CATL) in China?s Fujian province based on a confidentiality agreement, Shanghai-based Yicai Global reported on Thursday.?The parties are working together in the field of batteries,? the report said citing unnamed sources.Apple first announced its foray into the automotive industry with its car project in 2013 but later confined to making self-driving software for automobiles.CATL became an independent battery manufacturer in 2011 after splitting with Amperex Technology Limited (ATL), supplier for Apple?s consumer electronics products.Apple has not disclosed any news about such collaboration and CATL declined to comment on the matter, Yicai Global said.\r\nAt least 12 Afghan policemen were killed and two others were injured on Friday in the province of Helmand in a friendly-fire air strike by a US gunship, reports said. The US air strike, which was part of a NATO mission to support Afghan forces against the Taliban, attacked the policemen as they were clearing Taliban militants from a village.n\r\nA US gunship has killed at least 12 Afghan policemen in a friendly fire airstrike in Helmand, according to local officials.The incident is a setback for the US-Afghan fight against the Taliban in the embattled province, and comes as the US administration and its Nato allies are preparing the deployment of several thousand additional troops to Afghanistan.Since 2001, Helmand has consistently been the deadliest province for both foreign and Afghan forces. Since the international drawdown in 2014, the Taliban has seized territory across the province, leaving the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, and the economic hub, Gereshk, as some of the only areas still in government hands. The attack occurred on Friday afternoon, when, according to local police sources, an Afghan police unit retook a checkpoint captured by the Taliban on Thursday. Due to apparent miscommunication, a US gunship bombed the police unit 30 minutes later, according to police sources.The spokesman to the provincial governor, Omar Zawak, said the number of killed and injured was not yet clear. Helmand?s police chief said 12 members of the Afghan National Security Forces died in the strike. The incident followed a week of intensified US airstrikes in Helmand. The US air campaign in Afghanistan has reached a level not seen since 2012, when there were almost 10 times as many US troops in the country.According to Bill Salvin, spokesman for the coalition forces in Afghanistan, the US has conducted more than 50 airstrikes in the province over the past five days. In June, the US surpassed the total number of aerial attacks in Afghanistan last year, with 1,634 airstrikes conducted primarily in the south ? in and around Helmand ? and against Islamic State groups in the east. Following Friday?s incident, the coalition forces said in a statement: ?We can confirm local security personnel aligned with Afghan government forces were killed in an airstrike in Gereshk district in Helmand province late this afternoon.? ?During a US supported [Afghan defence forces] operation, aerial fires resulted in the deaths of the friendly Afghan forces who were gathered in a compound? An investigation will be conducted to determine the specific circumstances that led to this incident.?The deaths in Helmand added to a particularly bloody day for the Afghan police. In the northeastern Badakhshan province, the Taliban killed at least 32 members of the local police and government-aligned uprising groups in a push to capture Tagaq district. Some of the people killed were murdered after the Taliban surrounded a house they were staying in, while the rest were shot in an ambush, said Abdullah Naji Nazari, the head of the provincial council. Additional reporting by Aliyas Dayee in Lashkar Gah\r\nA Chinese spy ship was spotted off the coast of Queensland during a joint war exercise between Australian and US forces, the Australian Defence Force (ADF) said on Saturday. Adding that the spy ship remained outside Australia's territorial waters and did not interfere with the operation, ADF said that the ship did enter the Australian Exclusive Economic Zone.\r\nA Chinese spy ship has been spotted off the coast of Queensland during a joint training exercise between Australian and US forces, the defence department has confirmed.The Type 815 Auxiliary General Intelligence (AGI) vessel was sighted during war games, known as Exercise Talisman Sabre, and defence officials told the ABC?s AM program it was a ?provocative move?. A statement from the defence department confirmed that the spy ship had remained outside Australia?s territorial waters but had entered its exclusive economic zone.However, they said the ship?s presence did not interfere with the operation of Talisman Sabre.The three-week training exercise in central Queensland has involved more than 33,000 personnel from Australia, the United States, New Zealand, Japan and Canada. This week a fleet of 33 warships and submarines amassed off the coast of Rockhampton for a final exercise as the war games came to a close. ?Australia respects the rights of all states to exercise freedom of navigation in international waters in accordance with international law,? the department said.But Euan Graham, from the Lowy Institute, said the presence of the Chinese ship sent ?an unfriendly message?. ?I personally am not aware of any publicised appearance of an AGI off the Australian coast before,? he told the ABC. ?Coinciding with a joint exercise with the United States, clearly that sends quite an unfriendly message ... at the moment what we see is a double standard where China picks the areas of the law of the sea that it likes and refuses to implement those that it doesn?t.?\r\nOn being asked during a question-and-answer session at a school what he plans to do after the presidency, Russian President Vladimir Putin said, "I haven't decided yet if I'll leave the presidency." Putin served as President for two 4-year terms, from 2000 to 2008, and then began a 6-year term in 2012. Notably, Russia bans three consecutive presidential terms.\r\nAsked what he plans to do when he leaves the presidency, Vladimir Putin paused and smiled. ?But I haven?t decided yet if I will leave the presidency,? the Russian leader replied, to laughter and applause from an audience made up almost entirely of Russians who were born after he first became president in 2000.A month after thousands of young Russians took to the streets to protest against corruption among the Kremlin elite, Putin held a set-piece discussion event on Friday with hundreds of children, in an apparent attempt to portray himself as a youth-friendly president. Presidential elections will take place next March and Putin is widely expected to stand and win another six-year term. An opposition politician, Alexei Navalny, who organised the recent round of protests, has said he would like to stand but his name is unlikely to be allowed on the ballot paper.Putin spent three hours speaking with the assembled children, in a session broadcast live on Russian television. Those present appeared to have been screened to ensure there would be no hostile questions. The discussion took place at Sirius, a school in Sochi for gifted children, which Putin opened several years ago. The tone of the discussion was set by the first question, when Putin was thanked for backing the school and for giving opportunities to so many children. ?I can also tell you that I even thought up the name: Sirius,? said Putin, to prolonged applause.Sitting in an open-necked white shirt, with hundreds of schoolchildren arranged in circles around him, Putin took questions from those present and at times picked out cards with pre-written questions on them in a game-show-style format.Unlike Putin?s press conferences and phone-ins with the nation, which usually vary across a range of topics from foreign policy to the minutiae of regional problems, his discussion with the children was divided between talk about their own achievements in sport, music and science, and questions about Putin?s personal life and preferences.?I like chatting with my friends, reading historical books, listening to music and doing sport,? said Putin when asked what he does in his spare time. At times, Putin was in philosophical mood, answering questions about the three values that are most important to him in life (?love, freedom and life itself?) and when asked what his childhood dream was, he declined to say but dispensed some life advice: ?You know, dreams are things that change over time. You should instead be happy that you have a dream and you should make strides towards it.?Asked whether he used the internet, Putin said almost never but said the way people use nicknames and fake identities online was quite similar to how he had adopted false identities during his work for the KGB.There was very little discussion of politics and no mention of Navalny?s investigations into corruption among Putin?s inner circle, which were the motivation for the recent protests. The one nod to the recent events was a softball question asking what Putin thought of opposition politicians. The president, who has never uttered Navalny?s name in public, said merely that in Ukraine people had used anti-corruption slogans to get into power and now the country was even more corrupt. The discussion quickly moved on, with a synchronised skating team telling Putin it was their dream to have a photograph with him on ice: Putin said he would be happy to oblige.Major foreign policy questions were also absent from the discussion and there was no talk of the alleged Russian interference in the US elections or Putin?s recent meeting with Donald Trump at the G20 summit. Indeed, the only American mentioned during the long discussion was Oliver Stone, the film director who made a four-hour documentary about the Russian president, which was criticised in some quarters for being too soft on the president. Putin said he really liked the ?extraordinary? Stone, though admitted he had fallen asleep while trying to watch the film.\r\nSinger Shreya Ghoshal has said that people often underestimate the audience of our country as well as worldwide, by thinking that they don't understand art. "They are the reason art exists," she added. Shreya further said every time she has sung from her heart and not thought about the commercial aspect, it has done really well for her.\r\nShreya Ghoshal has lent her voice to almost all genres of music in Bollywood films and her songs have been well-received too, both by critics and audience alike. In her career spanning 15 years, it seems that the singer has learnt to trust the listeners with their changing demand for music and that?s certainly worked in her favour.?Every time I have sung from my heart and not thought about the commercial aspect, it has done really well for me. I think we underestimate the audience of our country or for that matter worldwide, by thinking that they don?t understand art.They are the reason art exists,? says Shreya.The singer, who has done playback singing for several Bollywood films and has given hits such as Bairi Piya, Chalo Tumko Lekar Chale, Deewani Mastani and Hangover, says she doesn?t like to think much about whether the film will be a success or not.?Right now, I am doing everything and trying everything. I am not holding on to any thought if I should take up a project or not. Sometimes, I make sure that I don?t think about whether a song will do well or not,? she adds.After singing countless tracks in films as a playback singer, Shreya has launched her first independent track Dhadkane Azad Hai. She feels this was the right time for her to take a step towards solo tracks.?It came from my heart that I should go independent from films. Undoubtedly, there?s a lot of scope for good music in films but sometimes, we are confined in that boundary to sing within the story narrative and because it is a film, there are a lot of constraints. I wanted to sing something, which was out of those restrictions,? she says.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nAkshay Kumar has said he doesn't want anybody to say he's only an action or a comedy hero. He added, "I want people to think...ye koi bhi role kar leta hai." Akshay further said that in the first fourteen years of his career, he was typecast as an action hero and it was difficult to come out of that image.\r\nWhen Akshay Kumar impressed fans with Holiday...(2014), Baby (2015) and Airlift (2016), the actor was touted as the new patriotic flag-bearer. Now that his upcoming films Toilet: Ek Prem Katha and Padman bear a social message, he?s being called the star that takes up causes. Kumar, however, isn?t happy with either of the tags. ?I am doing different kinds of characters and they are not chosen on the basis of a particular message to give in a film. Whichever script I find exciting, I take it up. Last year I did comedy with Housefull 3. I keep experimenting with genres. I don?t want any particular image for myself, I don?t want anybody to say that I am an action or a comedy hero. I want people to think ki ye koi bhi role kar leta hai (He can do any kind of a role),? says the 49-year-old National Award winning actor, whose next film deals with the issue of open defecation, and propagates the message of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan in an entertaining way. He explains the consequences of being trapped in a certain image. ?I have gone through a lot because of image issues. In the first 14 years of my career, I had the image of only being an action hero. It came to a stage where I started hating action films. When you get typecast in a certain image, it?s very difficult to come out of it,? he says. On the subject of supporting causes, he reminds, ?I have previously also experimented with different kinds of films. I did an off-beat film like Sangharsh (1999), which everyone called a great film, but it didn?t do well on the box office. I did a film 8 x 10 Tasveer (2009) but not even 4 by 5 people came to see it in theatres (laughs). Thankfully, I got a lot of chances to prove myself but (breaking an image) it?s quite hard actually.?Justifying his decision to do multiple films every year, he says, ?Every year I have to do 3-4 films. I have already signed films to shoot till the next year end. I just know what I want to do. Whether it is a right decision or a wrong decision, only time will tell.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActress Anushka Sharma has revealed that after watching Kareena Kapoor's character Geet in 2007 film 'Jab We Met', she felt she should act in films. Kareena won the Best Actress Award at both Filmfare and IIFA awards for her role in the film directed by Imtiaz Ali. Anushka made her Bollywood debut in 2008 film 'Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi'. \r\nAnushka Sharma says it was the fun-filled character of ?Geet? played by Kareena Kapoor Khan in Imtiaz Ali helmed Jab We Met that attracted her to the world of movies.The actor said that Jab Harry Met Sejal was the first movie to be offered to her by Imtiaz and she liked the idea so much that she accepted it immediately.?I have been waiting to work with Imtiaz for the longest time. I remember watching Jab We Met in Bikaner with my parents and I felt this is an amazing film.?Looking at the character of Geet (essayed by Kareena Kapoor Khan) I felt I should be doing films. I enjoyed collaborating with him for this film,? she told reporters here at the trailer launch of Jab Harry Met Sejal.For the first time, Anushka is playing a Gujarati girl in the movie. The actress said she prepared a lot to get the diction right.Anushka Sharma and filmmaker Imtiaz Ali during the trailer launch of Jab Harry Met Sejal.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?I learnt the Gujarati diction from my coach Dimple. We used to write down the words in the way it is pronounced and once you are familiar with those words it was easier to talk in that accent and style,? she said.The film marks the third collaboration between Anushka and superstar Shah Rukh Khan after Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi and Jab Tak Hai Jaan.When asked about her first meeting with Shah Rukh, Anushka said the best thing the superstar did to her was to make her comfortable.Kareena Kapoor and Shahid Kapoor in Jab We Met.?I knew him as Shah Rukh, the superstar, and I was going to do a romantic film with him. When I met him on the sets he congratulated me, he was chilled out, he made me feel comfortable. He was not intimidating,? the actress recalled.?Later I realised that he was such a big support system for me in my first film, he made things easy for me as a newcomer without making it obvious. It was really nice of him,? she added.The 29-year-old said she treats newcomers in the similar way SRK treated her. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nSamajwadi Party leader Uma Shankar Chowdhary passed away after suffering a heart attack on Saturday during a party meeting in Uttar Pradesh. Chowdhary was rushed to a hospital where he died during treatment. Party President Akhilesh Yadav paid his condolences and said the demise of such a dedicated leader was a great loss to the socialist movement.\r\nA senior Samajwadi Party leader Uma Shankar Chowdhary passed away after suffering a massive heart attack on Saturday during a meeting being chaired by party president Akhilesh Yadav at the party office.As he complained of cardiac distress, he was rushed to the Civil hospital but he collapsed.Former chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and some former ministers visited the hospital as soon as they heard of Chowdhary?s death.Akhilesh Yadav said the death of such a dedicated party leader was a great loss to the socialist movement.Senior leaders Ahmad Hasan, Rajendra Chowdhary and many others condoled the sudden demise of Chowdhary.\r\nThe Appointments Committee of the Cabinet has appointed Sanjay Kothari, a 1978-batch IAS officer of Haryana cadre, as the Secretary to President-elect Ram Nath Kovind. The committee also declared Senior journalist Ashok Malik as Press Secretary to Kovind. The appointments have been cleared for an initial period of two years by the committee headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.\r\nIn a major bureaucratic reshuffle of 40 senior and mid-level officers, Indian Forest Services officer of Gujarat cadre Bharat Lal has been appointed joint secretary to President-elect Ram Nath Kovind. Known to be close to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Lal earlier served as resident commissioner of Gujarat Bhawan in New Delhi. Ashok Malik, a well-known columnist, commentator, distinguished fellow at one of India?s leading think tanks, Observer Research Foundation, will be the press secretary to the new President. The third major appointment in the office of the President was that of Sanjay Kothari, an lAS officer of 1978 batch of Haryana cadre and currently the chairman of the Public Enterprises Selection Board (PESB). He was made secretary to the President-elect.The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet headed by Modi approved these appointments to the office of the President for an initial period of two years. Other appointments included that of Vasudha Mishra, who was managing director of NCDCI. She was appointed additional secretary, department of administrative reforms and public grievances in place of Usha Sharma, an lAS officer of 1985 batch of Rajasthan cadre. Sharma has been appointed as director general, Archaeological Survey of India, a post that was lying vacant after the retirement of Rakesh Tewari.Sanjiv Gupta, 1985 batch lAS officer of Himachal Pradesh and additional secretary, department of industrial policy & promotion , has been appointed as the CEO, National E-Governance Division (NeGD), ministry of electronics & information technology. Sunil Kumar, a 1987-batch officer of UP batch and joint secretary, department of commerce, was appointed as additional secretary in the same department.\r\nThe Maharashtra government on Friday issued draft rules which will reportedly allow regularisation of most illegal constructions built before December 31, 2015, for a "compounding fee". A senior official said, "Within six months of the rules coming into force, planning authorities will have to invite applications from owners and occupiers for consideration of cases for regularisation."\r\n The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led Maharashtra government has set the ball rolling to regularise lakhs of unauthorised buildings and structures in cities across the state, including the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, on the payment of a compounding fee.The state urban development department, which chief minister Devendra Fadnavis heads, on Friday issued draft rules to regularise unauthorised construction till December 31, 2015. The department has invited suggestions and objections on the rules in a month. Lakhs of illegal structures or unauthorised buildings, largely residential ones including those like the controversial Campa Cola compound in Worli, now stand to benefit from this policy. A senior urban development official said, ?We have formulated the rules mainly keeping residential structures in mind. Within six months of the rules coming into force, planning authorities will have to invite applications from owners and occupiers for consideration of cases for regularisation. The local authority will specify the time and date for the submission of such cases, after which applications will not be considered. The authority will then take a call on the cases as per the rules.?The official said even a case like the controversial Campa Cola compound in Worli stands to benefit if they have purchased the required Floor Space Index (FSI). FSI refers to the ratio of the built-up area to the plot area and indicates the permissible construction limit. The seven buildings in the Campa Cola compound have 35 floors more than what was approved by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), prompting the civic body to send a demolition notice leading to a long protracted legal battle.To pave the way for the regularisation of such structures, the state government passed a bill to amend the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act in the budget session of the legislature in April this year. The move will bring relief to lakhs of citizens in such buildings in places such as Mumbai, Thane, Pune, Navi Mumbai and Pimpri Chinchwad. However, it is also likely to set a precedent and open the decks for further condoning of illegal construction in the future.According to the draft rules, the state?s policy will apply to most cases of unauthorised construction, except for structures in ecologically sensitive zones, Coastal Regulation Zones, land meant for playgrounds or parks, heritage buildings and structurally unsafe buildings, among others.For cases of FSI violations, such as Campa Cola, the draft rules state such construction can be considered for regularisation by procuring premium or fungible FSI, or Transfer of Development Rights, as per applicable norms. Owners or occupants of such structures will have to pay compounding charges at 10 percent of land rate over and above the premium for the extra FSI.Similarly, the draft rules will also allow regularising construction where the structure is taller than the maximum height allowed as per the width of the road it abuts. While local authorities will have to explore the option of road widening in such cases, the state?s draft rules allow them to consider regularisation of the unauthorised construction by levying a compounding fee of 10 percent of the ready reckoner rates.The draft rules also provide for compounding fees for regularisation in case of inadequate setback area, violations in ground coverage, parking, staircase, passage width and misuse of any such free of FSI components. Moreover, building owner or occupants will need to procure the required no-objection certificates from departments such as drainage, water supply, fire, structural stability certificates and so on before regularisation.Once a civic body declares a structure as a compounded structure for regularisation, no further development will be allowed on the plot besides regular maintenance and repairs or redevelopment as per norms.The state government has instructed civic bodies to keep aside all the money collected as compounding fees under these rules for providing public amenities, utilities and services in the respective areas.Read more:Lakhs of illegal structures across Maharashtra to be regularised after penalties\r\nIndustry body COAI has termed the launch of JioPhone at an "effective zero price" as a "clever marketing" position because the move will help the company save licence fee and other government levies. COAI Director General Rajan Mathews further termed the phone's launch as "clearly a big win for Jio" that will put pressure on incumbent telecom operators.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 21 (PTI) Industry body COAI today termed the launch of JioPhone a "clever marketing" and said Jio selling the device at effective zero price is an attempt to save government levies like licence fee by the company. The Reliance Jios new 4G-enabled feature phone at a fully refundable one-time payment of Rs 1,500 will offer free voice calls to customers with unlimited data when they recharge their account for Rs 24 onward whereas the full-month service will cost Rs 153 only. COAI Director General Rajan S Mathews said the Jios announcement is a bundled offer and the plan to sell it at an "effective zero price" is a "clever marketing position" as the move will help the company save licence fee and other government levies. "Previously, when you bundled handset along with services the 14 or 11 per cent that an operator paid as licence fee got imposed on handsets. So as an operator one cant compete with a handset seller because handset seller is not required to pay this extra levy of 11-14 per cent," Mathews said. He said a bundled offer would have increased cost of providing service for operators. "Reliance Jio offer is clever marketing position... they are saying the handset price is effectively zero. So no licence fee, spectrum usage charge has to be paid on that. Government will have to look at what sale of price for zero means," Mathews said. Mathews termed the todays launch as "clearly a big win for Jio" that will put pressure on incumbent telecom operators as well as on handset makers to match the offer and cable service providers. Mathews, however, said this might have a bit of adverse impact for Jio as well. "For existing (Jio) consumers who are already paying Rs 303 and above, unless they want to spend additional Rs 1,500, there is no impact. Of the 120 million customers, some of them might switch to this new plan. In such cases, there will be dilution for Jio from customers paying Rs 303 moving to Rs 153," Mathews said. He said that with this launch, data usage is expected to significantly increase. "There will be a shift also from 2G to 4G. The whole game is going to shift again to high volume, low margin. If you go to that segment where device price was impediment from switching to 4G from 2G, clearly this helps them. But competition is not going to stay put," Mathews said. He said handset manufacturers will have to scramble to compete with Rs 1,500 handset. A top official of a leading telecom company said it is too early to assess the impact of the new offering. He said that customers may prefer to have choices rather than being "locked into" into a handset for three years. Also, the offer at Rs 153 a month needs to be seen in the context of three years and whether the consumers are prepared to commit themselves to such an outgo on a monthly basis, he added. At present, the average revenue from feature phone subscribers is up to Rs 100 a month, said the official who did not wish to be named. Mobile phone companies body Indian Cellular Association (ICA) termed it as a disruptive move that will expand scope of 4G technology in the country. "It is a very well crafted package to enable entry-level subscribers to step into the digital data revolution. This package will be a catalyst also for spreading 4G networks into the deeper hinterland," Indian Cellular Association National President Pankaj Mohindroo said. \r\nSinger Beyonc\xe9's wax statue at Madame Tussauds, New York has been modified after fans of the singer said it was 'too white'. Earlier, it appeared to be thinner and lighter-skinned than the singer is in real life. Madame Tussauds said in a statement that the statue was back on display after adjustments to "the styling and lighting of her figure".\r\nA wax figure of Beyonce at Madame Tussauds in New York has been given a makeover after fans of the megastar said the figure was too white.The wax Beyonce sported wavy blond hair and appeared to be thinner and lighter-skinned than the ?Lemonade? singer in real life.They FINALLY have Beyonce's wax figure back at my job omfg!!!!!????? pic.twitter.com/7IReyfcueH? Jae (@JaeJeter) July 12, 2017Fans complained on Twitter that the figure looked more like Lindsay Lohan or Shakira than Beyonce.The New York Times reported that the figure was off the floor Thursday.Madame Tussauds said in a statement Friday that the wax Beyonce was back on display after adjustments to ?the styling and lighting of her figure.?Beyonce?s wax figure before and after changes.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Twitter)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tA spokeswoman for the museum declined to specify what changes were made.A wax figure of Beyonce at Madame Tussauds in New York has been given a makeover after fans of the megastar said the figure was too white. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tA representative for Beyonce did not return an email seeking comment.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nHollywood director Christopher Nolan has slammed video streaming service Netflix for not releasing its movies in cinemas. "Netflix has a bizarre aversion to supporting theatrical films... [T]hey're not even getting in the game, and I think they're missing a huge opportunity," he added. Nolan further said Netflix is being used as a kind of way to shut down cinemas.\r\nFilmmaker Christopher Nolan has slammed streaming service Netflix for not releasing their movies in cinemas.The 46-year-old filmmaker, who is currently promoting his new war epic Dunkirk, said by not releasing their content in cinemas, Netflix is missing on a lot of audience, reported IndieWire.Left to right, Tom Glynn-Carney, Fionn Whitehead, Emma Thomas, Director Christopher Nolan, Harry Styles and Jack Lowden pose for photographers upon arrival at the premiere of the movie "Dunkirk," in Dunkirk, northern France, Sunday, July 16, 2017. The film, directed by Christopher Nolan, tells the story of the Dunkirk evacuation, which took place at the beginning of World War II. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t?Netflix has a bizarre aversion to supporting theatrical films. They have this mindless policy of everything having to be simultaneously streamed and released, which is obviously an untenable model for theatrical presentation.?So they?re not even getting in the game, and I think they?re missing a huge opportunity,? Nolan said.The director said Netflix is being used as a kind of way to shut down cinemas.?I think the investment that Netflix is putting into interesting filmmakers and interesting projects would be more admirable if it weren?t being used as some kind of bizarre leverage against shutting down theatres. It?s so pointless. I don?t really get it,? he added. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nIndian pacer Parvinder Awana, who has also represented Kings XI Punjab, was beaten up by a group of five unknown people in Greater Noida on Friday. The incident reportedly happened when Awana was crossing Greater Noida while returning from Haridwar, and the group thought that he was chasing them. The state police have started investigation into the assault.\r\nIndia's first-class cricketer Parvinder Awana was on Friday beaten up by a group of five unknown people in Greater Noida.It is reported that Awana was returning from Haridwar and while passing Greater Noida, five unknown people, who were travelling by car along with a girl, attacked him.The group of people, who was running away after having a fight in ice factory, thought that Awana was chasing them and, therefore, they overtook his car before assaulting the cricketer.\r\nNithari case accused, Moninder Singh Pandher and his domestic help Surinder Koli, were held guilty of the murder and attempted rape of a 20-year-old woman by a CBI court on Saturday. This is one of the several cases against the two, for the serial killings and sexual assaults of multiple women and minor girls at Pandher's Nithari residence in 2006.\r\nA trial court on Saturday convicted businessman Moninder Singh Pandher and his domestic help Surinder Koli of murdering a 20-year-old woman, one of the several cases known as the Nithari serial killings of 2006.Pandher, who was out on bail, was taken into custody after the CBI court in Ghaziabad pronounced the judgment.CBI special judge Pawan Tiwari held Pandher and Koli guilty of murder, attempted rape and destruction of evidence.Koli has already been sentenced to death in seven out of 16 cases probed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).Moninder Singh Pandher at the CBI court in Ghaziabad. (Sakib Ali / HT?Photo)Pandher was earlier convicted by the trial court in another case in 2009 but was acquitted by the Allahabad high court. He is, however, facing trial in three other cases.Nithari came into the limelight in 2006 following disappearances of many women including minor girls.The police and later the CBI found skeletons in the premises and from a drain near the house of Pandher. The girls were lured into Pandher?s house where they were killed after being assaulted sexually, the CBI said.\r\nThe National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Friday directed the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) to submit an action plan for the restoration of Yamuna floodplains. This comes after an expert committee appointed by the NGT claimed that the ecology of over 420 acres of floodplains was adversely affected by the World Culture Festival organised in 2016 by the Art of Living.\r\nThe restoration of Yamuna floodplains could start soon with the National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Friday directing the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) and irrigation department of Delhi and Uttar Pradesh to submit an action plan within a week.A bench headed by NGT chairperson justice Swatanter Kumar formed a three-member committee comprising a senior official of the DDA and chief engineers of the irrigation department of Delhi and UP to prepare the plan. ?The committee shall submit an action plan with reference to floodplains of Yamuna where Art of Living?s event was held last year,? the bench said.The tribunal also directed the committee to consult and refer to the findings and suggestions of the expert panel, appointed by NGT earlier, before submitting the restoration action plan. A three-day Word Culture Festival was organised on the river?s floodplains by spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar?s Art of Living in March 2016. An expert committee appointed by the green body had claimed that the ecology of over 420 acres of floodplains was adversely affected by the event. The panel suggested that it would require over Rs 42 crore to execute the plan. Art of Living, however, had challenged the findings on multiple grounds and even appointed its own panel of experts to prepare a parallel report to substantiate their claims. ?Let the restoration work begin. The cost can be debited to the account of whoever is responsible for the damage. We can?t ask the DDA to sit on the report submitted by the expert committee,? the bench observed. The matter would be heard again on a day-to-day basis from July 28 onwards. The action plan would have to be submitted by July 28. The expert committee earlier appointed by the tribunal suggested they would need the help of aquatic plants and animals that once used to inhabit the river?s floodplains to fix the ecological damage. The report had stated that huge de-siltation and dredging would be required to ?physically? rehabilitate the network of wetlands and channels that were damaged and destroyed. The biological rehabilitation ? the process to make the wetlands and channels ecologically functional once again ? would have to be started simultaneously, experts had suggested.This process would take around 10 years at least.\r\nIndian shuttlers Parupalli Kashyap and HS Prannoy earned victories on Friday to enter the men's singles semi-finals at the $120,000 US Open Grand Prix Gold badminton in Anaheim. Prannoy will face Vietnamese veteran and 15th seed Tien Minh Nguyen, while Kashyap will play against South Korea's Kwang Hee Heo. \r\nParupalli Kashyap and HS Prannoy earned contrasting victories on Friday to enter the men?s singles semi-finals at the $120,000 US Open Grand Prix Gold badminton in Anaheim on Friday.Second seed Prannoy took exactly an hour to move past Japanese eighth seed Kanta Tuneyama 10-21, 21-15, 21-18 in the first meeting between the two.READ?|?US Open Badminton: Parupalli Kashyap, HS Prannoy enter quartersThe World No.23 will next take on Vietnamese veteran and 15th seed Tien Minh Nguyen, who has a 1-0 record against the Indian.When you defeat the #CanadaGP champion and advance into the semifinals of #USAGPG. Kudos, Prannoy! ? pic.twitter.com/1Ogx6WfGeA? PBL India (@PBLIndiaLive) July 22, 2017Kashyap, on the other hand, had a relatively easier win over compatriot and fifth seed Sameer Verma with the reigning Commonwealth Games champion coming out with a 21-13, 21-16 victory in 40 minutes.A former World No.6 and making his comeback to the circuit after a spare of injuries, Kashyap registered his second win over Verma in as many meetings.Update: Parupalli Kashyap defeats Sameer Verma 21-13, 21-16 to enter semifinals of #USAGPG.? BAI Media (@BAI_Media) July 22, 2017READ?|?Parupalli Kashyap stuns top seed Lee Hyun Il in US Open badmintonSome time later, third seeds Manu Attri and B Sumeeth Reddy beat Japanese seventh seeds Hiroki Okamura and Masayuki Onondera 21-18, 22-20 in 43 minutes to enter the men?s doubles semi-finals.However, Attri and Reddy face a tough test next when they take on top seeds Lu Ching Yao and Yang Po Han of Chinese Taipei.\r\nThe Iraqi prison where the External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said the 39 missing Indians were last located, has reportedly been reduced to rubble with no signs of the citizens. A Congress leader then took a dig at Swaraj saying, "minister misled the nation that missing boys are lodged in a jail in Badush but...jail has been destroyed by ISIS."\r\nLess than a week after External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj indicated that 39 Indians missing from Iraq since 2014 might be alive in a prison in the civil war-ravaged country, an India Today team travelled all the way to Mosul but found no sign of them in the restive region."The day the Iraqi PM declared Mosul is liberated from ISIS, I asked (minister of state) VK Singh to go to Erbil," Sushma Swaraj had said. "Sources there told VK Singh that the missing Indians are most probably in a jail in Badush where fighting is still going on".Soon after, India Today's crew set out for Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, in search of the lost people. WATCH: India Today ground report: Mystery over 39 Indians missing in Iraq deepens On the way, the first Indian media outlet to reach Mosul after the fall of ISIS, found that the bastion of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was reduced to a rubble.In 2014, the leader of the terror group declared a global caliphate from Mosul after his jehadi guerrillas overran the ancient city.The mosque, from where he made the announcement, appeared to be a relic of its past.There was, however, no clarity about al-Baghdadi's whereabouts. An estimated 40,000 people have been killed in Mosul, with many more still unaccounted for.In the city of Erbil, near Mosul, Red Crescent manager Hawre Ihsan Sadiq admitted he had received no information about the missing Indians.In Mosul, the heart of the conflict, India Today's crew navigated its way through some of the potentially dangerous zones to Badush prison, where it found the jail itself had been flattened to the ground.There was no sign of the prison, let alone the missing Indians.WHAT INDIA TODAY SAW IN IRAQBaghdadi's caliphate has turned into debris and the historic old city of Mosul is now destroyed beyond recognition.The Al Nuri Mosque from where Abu Bakr Baghdadi announced his caliphate barely manages to stand. Undiffused car bombs are still lying around and the stench of death is difficult to escape.Days after the liberation of Mosul from the clutches of ISIS, the people who inhabit the area have been shifted to refugee camps and Iraqi security forces stand guard there.There is no clarity whether Baghdadi has been killed or is still alive but there is nothing left. There is only destruction as far as one's eyes can see. Human beings are nowhere to be found but the stench of rotten bodies dominate the air.The counter-terrorism unit of Iraq says the mosque was bombed by ISIS itself. They said many car bombs were used by ISIS because they wanted to destroy the area entirely.An estimated 40,000 people have been killed in Mosul and many bodies lie under the rubble.THE INDIAN COMMUNITYTirupati works at the famous Indian restaurant in Erbil. He hails from Hyderabad and has been in the capital of Kurdistan regional government for the last three years. He says Erbil is safe but ever since the abduction of the 39 Indians, the Indian community has been worried."We are very sad about them that they are stuck there...that where they are...I feel very very sad. We want to know where they are. Whether they are safe or if they are in any trouble," said Tirupati.He also added, "Mosul people are coming here, they used to live there but the Indian people are stuck there."About 6,000 Indians live in Erbil and at the beginning of the conflict 22,000 lived in Iraq. As with other parts of the Middle East, Indians come to Iraq looking for work in construction, oil refineries, marketing and as engineers. Middle-East provides India with a high amount in remittances and livelihood.But the fate of the 39 Indians has kept not just them but the entire country concerned.RED CRESCENT HAS NO CLUEIndia Today correspondent went to the office of the Red Crescent in Erbil which had given some inputs about Indians to the Ministry of External Affairs.Hawre Ihsan Sadiq, who has been the manager of Red Crescent's Erbil branch since September 2014, said his people are on the ground. He admits that if there is any information that needs to be shared it would go through him.On being asked: "If Red Crescent volunteers or anyone finds any information on Indians, will that come to you?", Sadiq replied: "yes of course. May be some security info won't"."Some information may be available with the Baghdad headquarters but since ISIS's presence in Mosul nothing much has come up."WEST MOSULAfter crossing 12-13 security checks and driving through endless destroyed and uninhabited homes, India Today reached Hamadiya where Christians lived before the ISIS came.Brigadier Abdul Amin-al-Kazraji in-charge of the famous golden division told India Today that he holds India with regard but has no information on the missing Indians.Brigadier Kazraji provided India Today team with security to let it get to Badush prison where EAM Sushma Swaraj says that it is likely that the 39 Indians are still there.The India Today team was informed that it is still dangerous in West Mosul and that there are sleeper cells.THE FINAL MILEThe India Today team finally reached close to the prison where another local team is invited to facilitate us.The team of men lead the India Today team to a path full of mines and they watch their steps carefully to reach Badush prison where, as per the intelligence information that Sushma Swaraj has received, the abducted Indians could possibly be present.However, the information is absolutely incorrect because the building we are being told was destroyed by ISIS itself years ago and the area was liberated a few months ago by the counter-terrorism unit of Iraq. What is left are the remnants of what was once a prison where ISIS had come to get some of their Islamist brothers released from and in the process also ended up occupying Mosul.The question hence continues to be where are the 39 Indians? 63 km west of Mosul lies Tal Afar which is still firmly under ISIS's control.Brig Abdul Amin told India Today, "It is possible. They take hostages to Tal Afar. They did that with other hostages from East Mosul".While the brigadier refuses to comment on Indians, he provides us with a glimmer of that ever lasting hope that may be ISIS has taken them to Tal Afar.The Indian government is hoping for a miracle and so are we.CONGRESS TO TARGET SUSHMACongress will bring a privilege motion against Sushma Swaraj for allegedly misleading India on the 39 missing Indians. Pratap Singh Bajwa has accused Sushma Swaraj of deliberately lying about the condition of the missing Indians.Also read:No confirmed information on 39 missing Indians, Iraqi ambassador tells India Today\r\nDelhi civic bodies have decided to construct stack parking lots next to 10 Delhi Metro stations, with six such parking lots to be constructed in north Delhi, three in south Delhi and one in east Delhi. The parking facilities will reportedly be open to the visitors as well as the residents living in the neighbourhood areas.\r\nTo meet the increasing demand for parking space near Metro stations, the municipal corporations have decided to construct stack parking lots next to 10 busy stations across the city.Stations that have been identified for the project are Punjabi Bagh, Madipur, Udyog Nagar, Nangloi, Mundka, Pratap Nagar, Ghitorni, Okhla, Indraprastha Estate and Seelampur. The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will transfer plots of various sizes to the three civic bodies along the identified stations. Six plots are in north Delhi, three in south and one in east.North corporation commissioner Praveen Gupta said that the process of transferring the land from DMRC to north corporation will be completed soon. ?All the correspondence has been done between the two departments and we have initiated the tendering process for the construction,? said Gupta.The six stack parking lots in north Delhi are expected to provide space for 7,897 cars. According to officials, these parking facilities will help the visitors as well as the residents living in neighbourhood areas as they can park their cars here. Explaining the reasons for constructing multi-level car parking lots, north MCD additional commissioner Renu Jagdev, said: ?The plots near Metro stations are small in size and located along the main roads so we can?t construct multi-level car parking facilities,? she said.With the help of computers, information about the vacant slots would be easily accessible. Customers will be given a computerised receipt, said an official.Under the south corporation, the system is under consideration for implementation at three locations ? Ghitorni, Okhla and Indraprastha Estate. ?We have got the letter from DMRC regarding transferring of plots and we are working over the project of developing car parking lots here soon,? said Puneet Goel, commissioner, SDMC.Meanwhile, North MCD has completed the tendering process for construction of stack parking lots opposite Lok Nayak Jai Prakash hospital, Asaf Ali Road. \r\nAn FIR has been registered against AAP MLA Prakash Jarwal for molesting a 53-year-old woman following a quarrel. Jarwal has refuted the charges, alleging that the complaint was 'politically motivated' and the complainant was a BJP worker. Notably, a similar complaint was filed against Jarwal by a Sangam Vihar resident earlier.\r\nDelhi Police have registered an FIR against AAP legislator from Deoli, Prakash Jarwal, after a 53-year-old woman filed a complaint accusing the MLA of touching her inappropriately and threatening her.The FIR registered on Wednesday is the second such case against him. In July 2016, a woman had made similar allegations against Jarwal. In her complaint, the woman alleged that on July 19, MCD officials had come to demolish an illegal construction near her house. She alleged that at the time, Jarwal came to her house along with around 40 persons and said that her son had abused him. The MLA threatened to sack her husband, who works with the Delhi Jal Board, and also touched her inappropriately, the complaint said. ?In the recent MCD elections, my son had danced in a rally of another party. A local councillor saw him and there was a quarrel. They called Jarwal and his goons. We had an argument with the MLA and the police were called. We reached a compromise then, but since then, we are being harassed,? the woman told Hindustan Times. The MLA, meanwhile, said that the charges were ?politically motivated.? ?The woman is a BJP worker and president of the block. Her husband and son had troubled our candidate some months ago during the MCD election. Our candidate had also filed a complaint, but it was withdrawn later. Her son and husband had abused us while we were celebrating our win after the election. And now, she is making these baseless allegations,? Jarwal said.Police sources said the woman had a similar altercation with the area councillor some months ago. ?The police have not even told me that a case has been registered against me. I know they won?t call me for interrogation, they will just arrest me,? Jarwal said, adding that the woman was a ?BJP volunteer? who wanted to make ?political gains?.He said that though he was near the woman?s house on July 14, it was the woman and her family members who had abused him. (With PTI inputs)\r\nA report by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India has revealed three IITs made wasteful payments amounting to ?18.03 crore in FY 2015-16. IIT-Roorkee spent ?15.06 crore for construction of sewer lines which was delayed by four years, besides paying ?1.33 crore service tax for services which were exempted. IIT-Madras paid ?1.05 crore avoidable penal charges on electricity consumption.\r\nA CAG report has exposed wasteful and avoidable expenditures, and irregularities in three IITs at Jodhpur, Roorkee, and Madras, that cost the exchequer around Rs 18.03 crore.According to the Comptroller and Auditor General?s report ? Compliance Audit Observations for year ended March 2016 ? IIT-Roorkee spent Rs 15.06 crore in vain for construction of sewer lines and sewage treatment plant projects which was not completed even after four years from the date of completion.IIT-Roorkee had also paid service tax to the tune of around Rs 1.33 crore for outsourced services although these services were exempted from such tax, the report stated.IIT-Jodhpur had irregularly waived recovery of excess payment amounting to Rs 59.38 lakh to its faculty.The report said, ?The MHRD has directed IIT-Jodhpur to stop overpayment and recover the excess payments?.IIT-Madras has been accused of incurring avoidable expenditure of Rs 1.05 crore towards penal charges on electricity consumption.Besides, Indian Institute of Management-Kozhikode (IIM-K) has also been accused of extending GPF and pension scheme to its employees without government approval which has cost Rs 61.20 lakh. \r\nThe upcoming North America tour of rock band Linkin Park, which was scheduled to begin next week, has been cancelled after its lead vocalist Chester Bennington's demise earlier this week. Bennington reportedly committed suicide at his California residence. Formed in 1996, Linkin Park have sold more than 70 million albums worldwide and won two Grammy Awards.\r\nRock band Linkin Park on Friday cancelled its North American  tour after the suicide of frontman Chester Bennington?We are incredibly saddened to hear about the passing of Chester Bennington. The Linkin Park One More Light North American Tour has been cancelled and refunds are available at point of purchase. Our thoughts go out to all those affected,? tour promoter Live Nation said in a statement.Bennington, 41, died by hanging himself at his southern California home, but left no note, the Los Angeles County coroner?s office said on Friday.Members of rock band Linkin Park (L-R) Mike Shinoda, Rob Bourdon, Joe Hahn, Brad Delson, Dave Farrell and Chester Bennington put their handprints in cement as they are inducted into Guitar Center's RockWalk in Los Angeles, California June 18, 2014. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(REUTERS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tBennington, 41, was found dead on Thursday at his home in Palos Verdes, near Los Angeles, a week before the California alt-rock band was due to embark on its tour, starting on July 27 in Mansfield, Massachusetts.?He was found hanging in his bedroom. No note was found,? coroner?s spokesman Ed Winter said. Winter added that there was an open bottle of alcohol in the bedroom but no drugs had been found.Bennington had a history of alcohol and drug abuse and had spoken openly in the past about his struggles to overcome his demons when Linkin Park first found fame in 2000 with their best-selling debut album ?Hybrid Theory.?Winter said an autopsy was pending, and that toxicology tests were also likely to be carried out.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA team of army men in civilian clothes allegedly beat up eight policemen who stopped them at a barricade while they were returning from Amarnath Yatra. Reportedly, injured policemen were hospitalised and an FIR was registered against the army men. Notably, no non-locals, including yatris, are allowed travel at night in light of the recent terror attacks.\r\nAt least eight policemen, including an assistant sub-inspector, were injured after army men allegedly barged into a police station in Jammu and Kashmir?s Ganderbal district late Friday night and beat them up.Sources said the injured policemen was admitted to a hospital and an FIR registered against the army. The incident came to fore after pictures of the policemen with severe injuries went viral on social media.On the face of it J&K police party was implementing the SOP of not allowing yatri movement after 7:30 PM. Army chaps were yatris in civvies https://t.co/aDUXd0ZdsN? Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) July 22, 2017Director General of police S P Vaid told HT that the police and army shared a good relation and one incident shouldn?t be given too much importance. ?We have taken the matter up with the core commander, it has been sorted,?? he added.The incident took place allegedly after a team of armymen in civilian clothes, returning from the Amarnath Yatra on Friday night, was stopped at a barricade in Gund by policemen as no pilgrims were allowed to travel at night . The government stops travel of non-locals including yatris and tourists in the night. The precautions were tightened after the recent terror attack on Amarnath Yatris that left eight people dead. Police said the armymen insisted on moving forward, and stormed the police station and beat up personnel when thwarted again. They also alleged that the police station was ransacked. Sources insisted that the army commander of the nearby camp was informed about the jawans and asked to take the men into the camp. The army?s spokesperson said ?the matter has been resolved by personal intervention of senior officers?. ?A minor altercation took place yesterday night between some Army personnel returning from Amarnath Yatra in civil dress and JKP personnel at Gund. No major injuries were suffered in the incident... Measures to prevent recurrence have been taken,? he said.\r\nDelhi Metro's non-executive staff on Friday staged a protest for increase in salary by sitting on various platforms with black bands around their arms. They reportedly threatened a "total shutdown" of services from Monday if their demands are not met. Protestors said that they were assured of increased grade pay in 2015, but nothing has been done so far.\r\nNon-executive staff of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC)?have started a sit in at several Metro stations for salary parity. The staff are also demanding that  the action taken against  some employees who had been spearheading the campaign should be revoked.The agitating metro employees have threatened a complete ?shutdown? on Monday if their demands  are not heard.?The non-executive staff of DMRC have started a sit in at multiple stations such as Dwarka, Yamuna Bank, Badarpur, Shahdara, Qutub Minar, and Vishwa Vidyalaya. The staff are sitting on the platforms with black bands on their on their arms,? said Anil Kumar Mahato, the secretary of the Staff Council.However, there has been no report of disturbance in metro operations due to the protest, so far.  According to Mahato, all 9,000 of the non-executive staff, which include train operators and station crew, have extended their support to the agitation.?We were assured on May 29 2015, that our pay scales would be increased by a grade. We were in schedule C then, and we are still getting paid under schedule C now. Even after two years there has been no change,? said Mahato, who has also demanded their allowances be according to the same as what ?officers? make under schedule A.Their other demands include formation of a union. ?We have a staff council, but they have no power... The DMRC constantly tries to silence and oppress anybody who speaks up. We need a union to be able to fight for our rights,? added Mahato.The staff members had raised similar demands and staged a protest earlier this year too, which they had allegedly called off after reassurances by the administration. ?Nothing has been done so far. In turn they have taken action against me and other people seeking justice,? said Mahato. In letter to the Managing Director (MD), Delhi Metro, he has sought cancellation of chargesheet against him and one Ravi Bhardwaj filed for leading the protest. Mahato also demanded revoking of termination order against other colleague Vinod Shah.The staff members have now threatened to go on a strike and a ?total shutdown? of services from Monday, if their demands are not met.According to an agency report, the DMRC, in attempt to quell protest, has asked its employees to refrain from ?the path of agitation?. ?The issues raised by the agitating staff was an attempt to ?push their personal agenda to cause disruption?. The management is alive to its responsibility towards staff welfare. All concerned employees are requested to stay away from the path of agitation and not to fall for rumours and issues of alleged injustices,? a PTI report said.DMRC officials, and some passengers maintained that operations were not affected gravely on Friday. The DMRC?spokesperson also said that they were working to resolve the issues. ?These are internal HR issues and we are handling these within the framework of our organizational rules and regulations,? said the spokesperson.\r\nExperts who exhumed late artist Salvador Dal\xed's body have revealed his moustache remains intact, nearly three decades after his death. Narc\xeds Bardalet said, "His moustache is still intact, (like clock hands at) 10 past 10, just as he liked it." His body was exhumed to settle a paternity case, wherein a woman claimed her mother and Dali had an affair.\r\nExperts who exhumed the body of Salvador Dal\xed to collect samples for use in a paternity claim have revealed that the enigmatic artist?s trademark moustache still graces his face almost three decades after he died.Narc\xeds Bardalet, the embalmer who tended Dal\xed?s body after his death in 1989 and helped with the exhumation on Thursday night, said he had been delighted to see the surrealist?s best-known feature once again.?His moustache is still intact, [like clock hands at] 10 past 10, just as he liked it. It?s a miracle,? he told the Catalan radio station RAC1.Dal\xed is buried in a crypt beneath the museum he designed for himself in his home town of Figueres, Catalonia. His remains were disinterred to help settle a long-running paternity claim from a 61-year-old fortune-teller who insists she is his only child.Bardalet described the moment he had laid eyes on Dal\xed. ?His face was covered with a silk handkerchief ? a magnificent handkerchief,? he told RAC1.?When it was removed, I was delighted to see his moustache was intact ? I was quite moved. You could also see his hair.?He said Dali?s body resembled ?a mummy; it was like wood?, adding that it was so hard that experts had to use an electric saw rather than a scalpel to collect bone samples. Bardalet predicted Dal\xed?s body would last a good while longer. ?The moustache is still there and will be for centuries,? he said.Once the last visitors of the day had left the museum, the 1.5-tonne stone slab that rests above his grave was lifted so experts could get to his body to take hair, nails and two large bones.?The biological specimens have been taken from Salvador Dal\xed?s remains,? Catalonia?s high court said in a statement before midnight local time.It said Dali?s coffin had been opened at 10.20pm so work could begin.To guard the artist?s posthumous privacy, awnings were put up around the museum to stop drones recording the exhumation.The DNA recovered from the remains will be compared with samples from Maria Pilar Abel, who claims to be the result of a liaison her mother had with Dal\xed in 1955.Abel has been seeking to prove her parentage for the past 10 years and says the physical resemblance to the surrealist painter is so strong, ?the only thing I?m missing is a moustache?.She says it was an open secret in her family that the artist was her biological father.She told the Spanish newspaper El Pa\xeds that she first learned of her true paternity from the woman she said she had thought was her paternal grandmother. Abel claims she told her: ?I know you aren?t my son?s daughter and that you are the daughter of a great painter, but I love you all the same.? She also noted that her granddaughter was ?odd, just like your father?.Under Spanish law, Abel would be heir to a quarter of Dal\xed?s fortune if the DNA supports her contention. The Gala-Salvador Dal\xed Foundation, which controls the artist?s lucrative estate, had unsuccessfully sought to fight the exhumation by appealing against a judge?s decision late last month to let it go ahead. As Dal\xed bequeathed his properties and fortune to the foundation and the Spanish state, Abel has brought her claims against both.In 2007, she was granted permission to try to extract DNA from skin, hair and hair traces found clinging to Dal\xed?s death mask. However, the results proved inconclusive.Another attempt to find DNA was made later the same year, using material supplied by the artist?s friend and biographer Robert Descharnes. Although Abel has claimed she never received the results of the second test, Descharnes? son Nicholas told the Spanish news agency Efe in 2008 that he had learned from the doctor who conducted the tests that they were negative.Abel told the Spanish news agency Europa Press that she was looking forward ?to the truth being known once and for all?, adding: ?I?m not nervous but happy and positive.?The results of the latest DNA test are expected in a month or two. Once the samples have been tested, they will be returned to Dal\xed?s grave.\r\nGautam Gambhir, who made 97 in the 2011 Men's World Cup final, said that if Indian eves win the ongoing ICC Women's World Cup it would be bigger than the 2011 title. "When we won in 2011 it was at home and we were the tournament favourites... [T]he women won the semi-final against Australia in difficult conditions", Gambhir added. \r\nThe Indian women's cricket team is the toast of the nation having defeated favourites Australia in the Women's World Cup semi-final. India's top-scorer of the 2011 World Cup final Gautam Gambhir, currently working as an ESPNcricinfo analyst, reckons if the Mithali Raj-led team can go on to win the big final come Sunday, the victory will be even bigger than the glory men's team achieved at the Wankhede Stadium in 2011."When we won in 2011 it was at home and we were the tournament favourites. But the women won the semi-final against Australia in difficult conditions. They are one step away from the World Cup and if they can win this, it will be bigger than the 2011 World Cup win," he told India Today.Gambhir was equally effusive in praise of the women who made the difference in the semi-final Harmanpreet Kaur."The occasion was very important. There will be other players who will play knocks like that, those who will get bigger runs than her. But it was a World Cup semi-final and against Australia. For a 42-overs game to finish 171 not out was unbelievable, incredible. If it was a 50-overs game who knows she would have got a double ton as well. She did it when India needed it the most and has got India one step away from a World Cup win," he added.The gritty opener floored by Harmanpreet's big match temperament en route her 115-ball unbeaten 171, disagreed with another World Cup winner Ravi Shastri's comparison of her knock with the legendary Kapil Dev's famous 175 in the 1983 World Cup.\r\nThe new airport project in Navi Mumbai will take away 250 hectares of forest land, of which 106 hectares is mangrove cover. Mangrove saplings have been planted across 160 hectares, as they play a crucial role in stabilising coastlines. Rehabilitation of 3,000 families from 12 villages that will be vacated for the airport was also directed.\r\nThe city?s new airport, planned in Navi Mumbai, will take away 106 hectares  or 72 Wankhede stadiums of mangroves in Ulwe, Raigad district. While 100 hectares make one square km, the area of Wankhede stadium is 1.48 hectares.Mangroves grow in intertidal zones and play a crucial role in stabilising coastlines. The City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco) and state mangrove cell conducted a survey to check how much mangrove forest land will be required for the project.?Initially, the loss of mangrove cover for the project was estimated to be more than 110 hectares. A detailed survey showed more than four hectares that could be saved,? said Satish Gavai, additional chief secretary, state environment department. ?There is a restoration plan in place. Three mangrove saplings will be planted in place of every axed tree. However, when it comes to hacking of trees, the contractor will have to submit a detailed plan to the mangrove cell and then the Bombay high court. We can start the hacking once we get both the approvals.?About mangrovesMangroves are salt-tolerant plants, a common natural feature along the Mumbai coastApart from playing a role in stabilising coastlines, mangrove trees act as carbon sinks, capturing CO2 from the atmosphere and storing them in the vegetation. This process is called carbon sequestration, and helps control global warming by reducing CO2 levels in the atmosphereMangrove ecosystem establishes and grows at the interface of soil and water bodies like sea, creeks, estuaries, bays and lagoons. They are commonly found in inter-tidal areas ? area between the high tide and the low tide. Mangrove ecosystem is believed to have evolved around 114 million years ago in tropical and subtropical regions. It requires a minimum of 24 degrees Celsius temperature for growthIn Maharashtra, mangroves cover almost 222 sq km of coastline covering 53 creeks and seashore The largest mangrove forest in the world is at Sundarbans, West BengalSource: Godrej  Marine Ecology Centre The Navi Mumbai airport, first proposed 20 years ago and approved in 2007, is to be built on 1,160 hectares, of which 250 hectares is forest land.The union environment ministry granted environment clearance for the project in November 2010, but with 32 conditions that included restoration of lost mangrove cover through fresh plantations. Also, the Centre directed the rehabilitation of 3,000 families from 12 villages that will have to be vacated.The mangrove cell officials said 160 hectares of fresh plantations have been done on the 615 hectares set aside at Kamothe. ?We will plant mangrove saplings across another 50 hectares by October, taking the total to 210 hectares,? said N Vasudevan, additional principal chief conservator of forest, state mangrove cell.Other officers from the mangrove cell said the survival rate of fresh saplings at Kamothe is 80%. ?The mangrove cover is well-protected. Channels have been made so tidal water can reach them. We have planted grey mangrove (Avicennia marina), Indian mangrove (Avicennia officinalis), mangrove apple (Sonneratia Apetala) and the Asiatic mangrove (Rhizophora mucronata) at the site,? said Makarand Ghodke, assistant conservator of forest, Mumbai Mangrove Conservation Unit. Read more: Maharashtra sets aside 250 hectares of forest land for Navi Mumbai airport\r\nRSS-BJP affiliated think tank Bharat Niti has reportedly planned to raise a dedicated unit of people that will protect and promote Hinduism online. The group has also planned a 'Hinduism and Social Media Conclave' in November, where they would discuss ways to promote Hinduism through "high-tech means". Notably, Yogi Adityanath has been invited as the chief guest of the event.\r\nNow Hinduism and Hindutva would be protected and propagated by an army of online warriors.RSS-BJP affiliated think tank Bharat Niti has planned a massive 'Hinduism and Social Media Conclave' in November in the holy city of Kashi, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi's parliamentary constituency Varanasi is also known.The right-wing aims to raise a dedicated unit of virtual soldiers from among its Internet and social media savvy cadre to "protect Hinduism from being deprecated and its symbols desecrated on online platforms by people inspired by leftist ideologies or Islamism".The online route seems in line with the social media presence of the BJP-RSS complex of organisations and the fact that the PM is one of the most followed people on Twitter in the world.The gathering would discuss how Hinduism can be protected and propagated via online and social media platforms such as Twitter, WhatsApp, Facebook and Instagram."It has become the order of the day that miscreants post defiling material on social media websites so as to hurt the feelings of the Hindus," Shailendra Sengar, member of the management team of Bharat Niti, told Mail Today. "They make fun of our Gods and Goddesses. At times it has been seen that more than making fun, they post things that are directly sacrilegious. We shall be discussing at the Kashi meet how we can stop and counter such propaganda as also we shall put our heads together to find ways to propagate Hinduism through high-tech means such as social media and online platforms."Sengar, who is also the newly appointed vice president of BJP's Kisan Morcha, told Mail Today that Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath, who has come to be seen recently as the new and more aggressive face of Hindutva politics, is the designated chief guest for the event. BJP-RSS ideologues such as Murlidhar Rao would also be attending the meet. Rao is a leading right-wing economic ideologue and the mentor of Bharat Niti initiative."We have accorded our invitation to the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh and he has expressed his desire to attend. He was very happy at the initiative," Sengar said.Academics, such as commentator on Hinduism David Frawley, would fire the zeal of the web soldiers on the occasion, Sengar said, adding, "Sadguru Jaggi Vasudev of the Isha Foundation along with such luminaries as Acharya Balkrishna of Patanjali Ayurveda and commentator/columnist Advaita Kala will also grace the meeting with their presence and share their insights for what we want to achieve."There would be a special session to focus on the subject of cow and the sanctity it carries in the Hindutva belief system. Bharat Niti is an initiative to encourage objective study and in-depth analysis by citizens, policymakers, domain experts, researchers and commentators, on varied issues of national and international importance. It is a wide platform to bring various stakeholders together to deliberate and propose public policy in the wider national interest.\r\nA Chattisgarh woman was allegedly duped of ?3 lakh by her married lover and his wife. Her lover allegedly said he wanted to leave his "estranged" wife for her. She was asked to pay his wife ?6 lakh to marry him and managed to pay ?3 lakh before his wife told her to leave them alone as they were happy. \r\nA woman who was attempting to free her lover from his "estranged" wife discovered that the couple had created an elaborate plot to dupe her.The victim, who wanted to marry the man, was asked to pay Rs 6 lakh to the wife as a pre-condition to proceed. After shelling out Rs 3 lakh, when she sought more time to arrange the rest, the couple asked her to let them live in peace.The police have registered an FIR against the duo for rape and criminal intimidation.WHAT HAPPENEDThe 29-year-old victim is based in Chattisgarh and runs an apparel store. She met accused Ajay Gupta through an online portal where she had posted her number to promote her business. They started talking and grew close.The woman, who had just entered into the apparel business, decided to come to Delhi for purchases on the suggestion of the accused. She alleged that Ajay had sex with her after putting sindoor (vermilion) on her forehead and told her that he will apply for court marriage.However, after returning to Chattisgarh she learnt that Ajay was married and had two kids. "Ajay told me that he was fed up with his marriage and wanted to marry me. I tried consoling him and said that he can take a decision and let me know. A while later, I received a call from his alleged estranged wife Uma Gupta who said that even she was fed up with her husband and had no problem with the two of us getting married," the victim told Mail Today.She was asked to pay Rs 6 lakh to the wife first, only after which the marriage could take place."I agreed to this condition. I thought it was my moral responsibility to compensate the woman as she had two kids to take care of. I was in touch with both of them. They used to send me voice notes on messaging apps where I could hear them screaming their hearts out at each other. I was convinced that the two did not want to live together," the woman said.The victim claims that she encashed all her investments and paid Uma on her visits to Delhi. "In the meanwhile, Ajay continued to meet me and maintain physical relations on the promise of marriage," she said.Things got ugly after she told the couple that she had run out of money and would need more time to arrange the cash. "I asked Ajay to come to meet my family and decide the date for marriage and in the meantime I would arrange the money," the woman said. "When he heard this, he started ignoring me. His wife called and pressurised me to arrange the cash if I wanted to marry Ajay."Speaking to Mail Today, the victim said that she had already decided to sell her store and give all the earnings to Uma because after the marriage there would have been no one to run it. "After a few days, I received a call from his wife who asked me to forget about my marriage with Ajay. She also asked me to leave them alone and said they were happy with each other," she said.\r\nIIT-Delhi saw a 30% increase in the number of female students for its undergraduate and masters courses, but there is severe shortage of rooms for them. As a temporary arrangement, several students have been accommodated in the building meant for associate professors. Reportedly, some students were asked to sleep on the mattress spread on floor due to unavailability of cots.n\r\nMore women gaining admission to the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) was a welcome news. But the institute in Delhi has no room for them, literally. Due to space crunch, several students have been asked to stay in an adjacent building meant for associate professors. According to a senior IIT official, due to 30% increase in number of women students for undergraduate and masters courses, there is severe shortage of accommodation. As a temporary measure, many have been accommodated in facilities meant for associate professors. Sources said a few angry parents complained to HRD minister Prakash Javadekar claiming that students were asked to sleep on the mattress spread on the floor as cots were unavailable. IIT officials said they have placed order for cots and 30-40 of them will be made available from Saturday.?We have accommodated all undergraduate students in the hostel. Around 100 masters students have been allotted rooms in the adjacent building. It is a temporary arrangement,? said a senior IIT official. Officials said even in 2016, a few students were asked to stay in temporary accommodation but were soon allotted hostels. The number is significantly high this year. ?Most of them have been given mattresses till cots are made available,? the official said. The existing hostels for post-graduate students in IIT-Delhi, Kailash and Himadri, can accommodate 900 students and are fully occupied now.?We had not anticipated such an increase but we have provided cots and almirahs to some students. We will provide them soon to the students who got only mattresses as of now. They will dine with students in the dining area in the hostel,? said the official.The IITs have registered a better representation of women this year ? from 8% in 2016 to 9.3 % in 2017. Through JEE advanced, a total of 70 girl students were admitted in IIT-Delhi for undergraduate courses in 2016 and it rose to 94 this year. There has also been a corresponding increase in MTech, MSc and PhD courses. ?Construction of our new hostel will begin by December. It will be able to accommodate at least 350-400 students and is expected to be completed in 18 months,? added the official. ?A status report will be sought from other IITs too,? he said.\r\nJude Sparks, a 10-year-old kid, accidentally discovered a rare 1.2 million-year-old skull of a stegomastodon, a prehistoric ancestor of elephants, while hiking in the Las Cruces desert in New Mexico, US. "This may be only the second complete skull found in New Mexico", said a University professor who is currently studying the fossil, which weighs about a tonne.\r\nA 10-year boy has accidentally discovered a rare, mostly intact 1.2 million year-old skull of stegomastodon - a prehistoric ancestor of elephants - while hiking in the Las Cruces desert in the US.?I was running farther up and I tripped on part of the tusk,? said Jude Sparks, who had been hiking in the desert with his parents.?My face landed next to the bottom jaw. I looked farther up and there was another tusk,? said Sparks.The Sparks family contacted Peter Houde, a professor at the New Mexico State University (NMSU) in the US.?A stegomastodon would look to any of us like an elephant,? said Houde.?For the several types of elephants that we have in the area, this is probably one of the more common of them. But they?re still very rare. This may be only the second complete skull found in New Mexico,? he said.After the family contacted Houde, the jaw and two pieces of tusk were taken to the Vertebrate Museum at NMSU.In May, the family joined a team of scientists who worked for about a week to carefully unearth the skull.Houde estimates the jaw weighs about 120 pounds and the entire skull as little as a tonne. While the skull may appear to be strong, it is quite delicate.?The upper part of the skull is deceiving. It?s mostly hollow and the surface of the skull is eggshell thin,? Houde said.?An extremely large skull would be very heavy for the animal if it didn?t have air inside it to lighten it up just like our own sinuses,? he said.?That makes the thing extremely fragile and the only thing holding it together is the sediment surrounding it,? he added.During the weeklong extraction process, 10 to 12 people helped at different times with the excavation of the stegomastodon skull.Researchers painstakingly brushed away the last bits of dirt from the skull and tusk and applied chemical hardeners to ensure the ancient bones remained intact.Acting like plastics, the chemicals harden and restore the strength that would otherwise be present in the bone as protein.After the skull was unearthed, the team carefully coated the fossil with plaster and placed wood braces to protect and support it.The skull was lifted from the dig site by a front-end loader and placed on a flatbed truck for the trip back to the university.While the process to study and reconstruct the skull, jaw and tusks will take years to complete, Houde said that the stegomastodon fossil will eventually go on display. \r\nResponding to Saif Ali Khan's letter wherein he discussed nepotism and genetics, Kangana Ranaut wrote in her letter that she'd be a farmer if Saif's point on genetics was true. She added, "Are you implying that artistic skills, hard-work...can be inherited through genes?" Saif had written about people being interested in star kids and if they'll have their parents' genes.\r\nAll hell broke loose when Karan Johar, Saif Ali Khan and Varun Dhawan took a dig at Kangana Ranaut at the recently held IIFA Awards. Unless you have been living under a rock, you know that Kangana had called Karan the "flag-bearer of nepotism" on his show. The comment snowballed into a huge debate, with fans supporting Kangana for bravely taking on Bollywood's big daddies.The debate was reignited at the IIFA Awards this year, when Varun came on stage to receive an award. Saif joked, "You are here because of your papa (director David Dhawan)." Varun responded, "And you're here because of your mummy (veteran actress Sharmila Tagore)." Karan joined in and said, "I am here because of my papa (late filmmaker Yash Johar)."The trio then chanted in unison, "Nepotism rocks". They then broke into the song Bole Chudiye Bole Kangana, at which point Karan interjected, "Kangana nahi bole toh achcha hai, bahut bolti hai."The act caused outrage on social media and Karan, Saif and Varun were forced to apologise. Saif went a step further and wrote an open letter (first published in DNA), prompting Kangana to finally break her silence and pen her own open letter in Mid-Day.She said that the last time she was "deeply pained and upset" about the subject was when Karan dismissed talent as one of the main criteria for making it big in Bollywood. Citing the examples of legends like Dilip Kumar, Satyajit Ray and Guru Dutt, Kangana said that discrediting talent was "absolutely bizarre." The actor added that there are plenty of instances to prove that "genuine hard work" exists, "beyond the superficiality of branded clothes and polished accents."Talking about Saif's letter, she dismissed his statement that people need to "take a chill pill and back off" because he has already apologised to her. "This is not my issue alone," Kangana wrote, adding that nepotism "fails the test of objectivity and rationale." She added that Swami Vivekananda, Albert Einstein and William Shakespeare "didn't belong to a select few, they belonged to collective humanity."She also addressed his remark that it was easy to confuse nepotism with genetics. Saif had written, "People are interested in what their (superstars') children will be like and whether they will have the genes of their parents, in terms of their talent. If you need another example, then take race horses. We take a derby winner, mate him with the right mate and see if we can create another grand national winner. So, in that sense, this is the relationship between genetics and star kids.""I fail to understand how you can compare genetically hybrid racehorses to artistes," Kangana wrote, asking if Saif believed that talent and dedication was only hereditary. "If your point was true, I would be a farmer back home," she said.The Queen actor added, "You also spoke of eugenics - which means controlled breeding of the human race. So far, I believe that the human race hasn't found the DNA that can pass on greatness and excellence. If it had, we would've loved to repeat the greatness of Einstein, Da Vinci, Shakespeare, Vivekananda, Stephen Hawking, Terence Tao, Daniel Day-Lewis, or Gerhard Richter."Saif had blamed the media for perpetrating nepotism. He had said that his son, Taimur, was a paparazzi favourite before he turned a year old and is already hyped to be the "next big thing." It is only a matter of time before a producer cashes in on all that hype. Kangana rebutted with, "No one is putting a gun to anyone's head to hire talent they don't believe in. So, there is no need to get defensive about one's choices."Is there going to be a round two of debate? Let's wait and watch.\r\nA 35-year-old motorcyclist was injured on Friday as a 'manja' (kite string) slit his throat on the Geeta Colony flyover in Delhi. The man was taken to a hospital where he was declared out of danger. Notably, the National Green Tribunal had recently banned "manufacture and use" of non-biodegradable 'manja', saying it posed a life-threat to birds, animals and humans.\r\nA 35-year-old motorcyclist?s throat was slit on the Geeta Colony flyover on Friday afternoon after his neck got entangled in a manjha (kite flying string).The man, who lives in east Delhi?s Gokulpuri with his family and works as a supervisor at a private university in Noida, was headed to work on when the accident occurred.Eyewitnesses told police that the biker nearly collided with a truck passing by after the manjha slit his throat. While the trucker managed to prevent a collision, the victim fell off his motorcycle and collapsed.He was taken to a nearby hospital where he is undergoing treatment. The police said they will register a case against unknown persons. It was not immediately clear if the manjha was made in India or was a Chinese variant.On July 11, the National Green Tribunal had banned the use of manjha across the city. The green body passed the order following several deaths reportedly due to getting caught in the manja. Incidents of birds getting caught in the manjha are fairly common in Delhi.A bench headed by NGT chairperson justice Swatanter Kumar said: ?There shall be a total ban on the ?manja?, which are made of nylon or any other synthetic material or are coated with synthetic non-biodegradable substances.?\r\nNorth Delhi Municipal Corporation will reportedly start replacing 1.15 lakh out of 2.05 lakh existing streetlights with LED lights from next week onwards. Authorities said that the work will start from Narela and Rohini zones. Apart from checking the problem of dark spots, the project is also expected to save around 65% energy and ?50 crore of the corporation annually. \r\n From next week onwards, the North Delhi Municipal Corporation will start  replacing 1.15 lakh conventional streetlights with light emitting diode (LED). Official say there are 2.05 lakh streetlights, semi-mast and high-mast lights installed at roads and parks under the North corporation. Out of this, the contract has been awarded for 1.15 lakhs light fixtures in two bigger zones ? Rohini and Narela ?  in phase I.For installation and execution, the civic body has appointed consortium of Havells India Ltd. and Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd . It plans to finish work in nine months time.For rest of the 90,000 lighting fixtures, tendering has been done and as soon as the project receives approval from the standing committee, work will start in the remaining four zones ? city, Civil Lines, Sadar Paharganj and Karol Bagh,  said the official. North civic body commissioner, Praveen Gupta said, ?The task for changing streetlights with LEDs was taken up by the south Corporation last year and we have learnt a lot from their experience. We have decided to do the work in two phases to avoid mess and assigned the task to the companies who have attained expertise in this field,? he said. At present, the civic agency is spending R 125 crore on these streetlights annually. But after implementation of project it will save R 50 crores, annually.\r\nThe Municipal Corporation of Gurugram on Thursday sealed 70 shops of a building in Sector 74 after the owners reportedly didn't pay property tax. "Despite tax defaulters being issued multiple notices, many have failed to pay up. The sealing serves as a warning before the auctioning," said an official. MCG is expected to auction over 500 properties from August 8.\r\n The Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG) officials sealed 70 shops in Sector 74 on Thursday after the owners failed to clear property tax dues. The MCG has stepped up its sealing drive after announcing that it will auction properties of defaulters from August 8.Apart  from sealing 70 shops, the MCG officials also sealed 40 buildings that were constructed without due permission in New Palam Vihar.?With August 8 nearing, MCG officials are stepping up the sealing drive under Section 130 (manner of recovering tax or fee) of the Haryana Municipal Act, 1994, in order to increase tax recovery. Despite tax defaulters being issued multiple notices, many have failed to pay up. The sealing serves as a warning before the auctioning,? SS Rohilla, spokesperson of MCG, said.The MCG, so far, has sealed 519 buildings in the city, all of which now face the possibility of being auctioned on?August 8.The MCG officials said property owners had the option of availing of rebate schemes to clear tax dues at a discounted rate. After the scheme ended on July 14, property owners will no longer be given any leniency by the MCG and they need to pay their tax by August 31 or face the possibility of their establishments going under the hammer, officials said.Last week, MCG officials made an announcement that 20 buildings are to be auctioned next month after their owners failed to pay tax dues and the civic body sealed the buildings in February.The auctioning process was to start from May 20 but was deferred indefinitely and rebate schemes were introduced to ensure that maximum number of owners got a chance to clear their dues.\r\nRBI has refused to deposit cash of over ?200 crore in old notes from 31 district central cooperative banks in Maharashtra. RBI argued that the cooperative banks collected the notes after they were demonetised, but the banks claim they were collected before. The banks have decided to move court seeking direction to the RBI to accept the scrapped currency.\r\n Even as the window to deposit scrapped notes in the Reserve Bank of India closed on Thursday, 31 district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) in Maharashtra were still left with around Rs200 crore in old currency. The RBI?argued that the banks collected these notes after they were demonetised on November 8 last year. The banks have decided to move court against the RBI?s decision. On June 22, the Union finance ministry issued a notification, allowing DCCBs to deposit demonetised notes of Rs500 and Rs1000 in the RBI in next four weeks. At the time, these 31 DCCBs had Rs2,771.86 crore in banned notes. Cooperative banks in Pune and Nashik are left with Rs22.25 crore and Rs23 crore in scrapped notes, while Kolhapur has Rs25.27 crore. The RBI?also turned away banks in Ahmednagar (Rs11.68crore), Nagpur (Rs5.02crore) and Sangali (Rs14.72 crore). ?We are yet to receive the total amount of the stock lying with other DCCBs, but it could be more than Rs200 crore. It is discriminatory that when the scheduled, centralized, urban banks were allowed to deposit their notes collected before demonetisation, only DCCBs were singled out. The stock with the DCCBs was verified by the National Bank For Agriculture And Rural Development on various occasions and they had found nothing objectionable. We are considering to move court against the RBI,? said Swati Pande, chief executive officer, Maharashtra State Cooperative Banks Association. In case of some DCCBs, the RBI has found discrepancies in the records such as difference between their actual stock and the records. The DCCBs have been given token slips for the unaccepted notes. ?We have moved the Supreme Court, seeking direction to the RBI to accept scrapped notes. Our bank has 262 branches across Pune and it is unjust to not accept notes collected in the day of demonetisation,? said Ramesh Thorat, chairman of Pune District Cooperative Bank.READMumbai doctor among 6 caught with ?2.25 crore in scrapped notesJournalist among five arrested with ?1 crore in scrapped notes in Mumbai\r\nInterpol has circulated a list of 173 Islamic State fighters it believes could carry out suicide attacks in Europe, in revenge for ISIS' military defeats. The list mentions suspects' identities, last likely address, mosques they prayed at, date ISIS recruited them and mothers' names. It is based on information captured during the offensive against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. \r\nInterpol has circulated a list of 173 Islamic State fighters it believes could have been trained to mount suicide attacks in Europe in revenge for the group?s military defeats in the Middle East.The global crime fighting agency?s list was drawn up by US intelligence from information captured during the assault on Isis territories in Syria and Iraq.European counter-terror networks are concerned that as the Isis ?caliphate? collapses, there is an increasing risk of determined suicide bombers seeking to come to Europe, probably operating alone.There is no evidence that any of the people on the list, whose names the Guardian has obtained, have yet entered Europe, but the Interpol circulation, designed to see if EU intelligence sources have any details on the individuals, underlines the scale of the challenge facing Europe.The list, sent out by the general secretariat of Interpol on 27 May, defines the group of fighters as individuals that ?may have been trained to build and position improvised explosive devices in order to cause serious deaths and injuries. It is believed that they can travel internationally, to participate in terrorist activities.?The data was originally collected by the US intelligence ?through trusted channels?. The material was handed over to the FBI, which transmitted the list to Interpol for global sharing.A note appended to the Interpol list circulated in Italy explains how the terrorist database was constructed, putting together the pieces of the puzzle from hundreds of elements, mainly gathered when Isis local headquarters were captured.?The people,? the note says, ?have been identified through materials found in the hiding places of Isil, the Islamic state of Iraq and the Levant.? The note adds that ?it emerges that those subjects may have manifested willingness to commit a suicidal attack or martyrdom to support Islam?.The list shows the suspects? names, the date Isis recruited them, their last likely address including the mosque at which they have been praying while away fighting, their mother?s name and any photographs.For each of the fighters, an ID was created to ensure that each member country in the Interpol network could integrate the data with local databases.Interpol has asked its national partners for any information they might have about each name on the list, and any other background personal data they have on their files, such as border crossings, previous criminal offences, biometric data, passport numbers, activity on social media and travel history.The information will then be included in Interpol?s ASF (automatic search facility) database in order to possibly put the names on a higher level watch list.US intelligence is apparently confident about the reliability of the sources used to compile the list. But western counter-terrorism forces have said they face an uphill struggle identifying potential suspects, who have access to a mountain of false documents, double identities and fake passports.Interpol stressed the list?s transmission came as part of its role circulating information between national crime-fighting agencies. ?Interpol regularly sends alerts and updates to its national central bureaux (NCB) on wanted terrorists and criminals via our secure global police communications network,? a spokesman said. ?It is the member country which provides the information that decides which other countries it can be shared with.?The purpose of sending these alerts and updates is to ensure that vital policing information is made available when and where it is needed, in line with a member country?s request.?A European counter-terrorism officer said one of the purposes of circulating the list around Europe was to identify those on it who might have been born and raised in European countries. In 2015 the UN considered there were 20,000 foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria, of whom 4,000 were from Europe, but there has not previously been a specific list of those fighters including those born in the Middle East who have been identified as potential suicide bombers.The speed with which Isis fighters are likely to attempt to reach Europe will depend on a range of issues including whether the group tries to set up a new base in Syria in the wake of the impending fall of Raqqa, its last major redoubt in north-west Syria. There is a growing suggestion that Isis fighters will shift south from Raqqa to the defensible territory stretching from Deir el-Zourez-Zor to Abu Kamal.The jihadi group is currently struggling to come to terms with the loss of Mosul in northern Iraq following a battle that produced some of the most brutal fighting since the end of the second world war. The parallel advance on Raqqa, the group?s other urban stronghold in the region, has been stalled partly due to the severity of the resistance being mounted against the Syrian Democratic Forces made up of an alliance of Kurds, Arabs and US Special forces. US Army Col Ryan Dillon on Friday estimated there were around 2,000 Isis militants in the city, who he said were using civilians and children as human shields. The distance between SDF forces on the eastern side of the city and on the western fronts is now just under 2km. The United Nations estimates that about 190,000 residents of Raqqa province have been displaced since April, including about 20,000 since the operation to seize the provincial capital began in early June.US diplomats this week admitted that the SDF forces, due to their ethnic make-up, will be constrained from going south of Raqqa to pursue Isis as far as Deir Azzour, saying this may be the task of the Syrian forces under Bashar al Assad, or even Iranian-backed Shia militia.\r\nA five-year-old girl was fined \xa3150 (?12,500) for running a homemade lemonade stall in London last week, her father said. He said she cried after an enforcement officer "launched into a legalistic script" and accused her of trading without a licence after approaching them. The council later cancelled the fine, saying, "We expect our enforcement officers to show common sense."n\r\nA five-year-old girl was left in tears after being fined \xa3150 for running a stall selling cups of homemade lemonade to passersby.The schoolgirl was accused of trading without a licence by a council enforcement officer last Saturday, her father, Andre Spicer, said. The officer issued a fixed penalty notice demanding the sum ? or \xa390 if the family agreed to pay promptly.?She was very upset and had to watch Brave a few times to calm down,? he said.Spicer, a professor of organisational behaviour at the Cass Business School at City University London, said his daughter decided she wanted to set up the stall in the east London borough of Tower Hamlets after attending her school fete.?She wanted to sell toys or food or clothes but she eventually decided on lemonade. It was a way to entertain her on a summer?s day. We set up the stand and people started buying the lemonade. They were on the way to a concert and she brought a smile to their faces,? he said.But he said that, after about half an hour, an enforcement official approached them and ?immediately launched into a legalistic script?. They were handed the fine and told to pay within 14 days if they wanted to avoid the higher penalty.Spicer said he was shocked, adding that the difference between his daughter?s lemonade stand and an unlicensed street trader should have been common sense.He directed a tweet at Tower Hamlets council and, on deeper reflection, ?realised there were broader issues at stake, including how society treats children?.The fine was dropped and an apology issued after Spicer was moved to write an article for the Telegraph. But the academic, who has also written for the Guardian, said it was one thing for someone in such a privileged position as his to be able to fight back ? and quite another for someone without such a platform.?If there are other people who have been fined in a similar way, then this is kind of worrying. We are shooting down opportunities for kids to learn,? he said.A Tower Hamlets council spokesperson said: ?We are very sorry that this has happened. We expect our enforcement officers to show common sense, and to use their powers sensibly. This clearly did not happen.?The fine will be cancelled immediately and we have contacted Prof Spicer and his daughter to apologise.? \r\nActress Prachi Desai said that casting in films is still based on whether the person is a big name or belongs to a famous family. She also said that people in the industry are not welcoming to outsiders. Prachi added, "I...turned down a couple of big films, because they...wanted me to do the same kind of thing again and again."\r\nActor Prachi Desai, who bid goodbye to her TV career in 2009 after doing the popular show Kasamh Se, is miffed with the kind of content Indian television has today. She says, ?It is in a sorry state, and shockingly regressive. I didn?t want to be a part of it. The lesser said about it, the better.?Prachi started her career in Bollywood with the 2008 film Rock On! alongside actor Farhan Akhtar. She subsequently appeared in films such as Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai (2010) and Bol Bachchan (2012). However, she feels that the film industry is quick to stereotype an actor. ?I recently turned down a couple of big films, because they all wanted me to do the same kind of thing again and again. I would rather explore the actor in me than just stand there and be one among the many,? says the 28-year old. Prachi doesn?t deny that people work hard, but still feels it?s a ?gamble?.  ? Everyone here wants to do something interesting, yet be safe in their zone. Also, the people  are still not welcoming to outsiders, because casting is still based on whether you?re a big name or belong to a famous family,? adds Prachi, , who is soon going to appear in a short film, Carbon, alongside actors Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Jackky Bhagnani.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Defence Research and Development Organisation has developed nutritious and protein-rich food for armed forces deployed in high-altitude and snowbound areas. Food items include chicken biscuits, protein-rich mutton bar, tulsi bar among others. Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said that after developing these products, technologies have been transferred to various industries for bulk production.\r\nVarious nutritious and protein-rich food items have been developed by the DRDO for security personnel deployed at high altitude and snow-bound areas, Parliament was informed on Friday.The major food products developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) in the last three years and the current year are chicken biscuits, protein rich mutton bar, composite cereals bars, egg protein biscuits, iron and protein rich food bar, chicken kathi rolls and anti-fatigue tulsi bar, defence minister Arun Jaitley said in a written reply in the Lok Sabha. ?There is no food production unit in DRDO. However, after developing these products, production technologies have been transferred to various industries for bulk production,? he said. He added that development of nutritional food by DRDO for armed forces was an ongoing process based on their requirements and latest technological research in the area. \r\nCBI has filed a case against a Delhi-based company for using cheap China-made parts passed off as German-made in the production of indigenised Bofors guns used by the army. The CBI alleged that the company entered into criminal conspiracy with some officials to supply duplicate spare parts. Later tests found the bearings unacceptable due to deviations in dimensions.\r\nChina-made parts camouflaged as Made in Germany found their way to the production line of indigenised Bofors guns used by the army, prompting the CBI to file a case against a Delhi-based company.Besides Sidh Sales Syndicate, the CBI also registered a case against unidentified officials of the Guns Carriage Factory (GCF), Jabalpur, under criminal conspiracy, cheating and forgery for supplying fake and cheap China-made spares passing off as Made in Germany for Dhanush guns, the FIR alleged.Dhanush is the indigenised version of the Bofors artillery guns which performed exceedingly well during the Kargil conflict in 1999.The CBI alleged that the supplier entered into criminal conspiracy with the unidentified GCF officials to supply duplicate spare parts (bearings) used in the manufacture of Dhanush guns."In furtherance of the said criminal conspiracy, unknown officials of GCF accepted the Chinese manufactured Wire Race Roller Bearings supplied by Sidh Sales Syndicate which were embossed as CRB-Made in Germany," the CBI said in the FIR.The agency said production and performance of the Dhanush gun is extremely crucial for Indias defence preparedness and "wire race roller bearing" is its vital component.A tender was floated for the procurement of four such bearings according to the Rothe Erde drawing for 155 mm gun in which four firms had participated. The order was given to Sidh Sales Syndicate at the value of Rs 35.38 lakh in 2013, the FIR stated.The order was further increased to six bearings at the cost of Rs 53.07 lakh on August 27, 2014.The company supplied two bearings each on three occasions between April 7, 2014 and August 12, 2014.The company submitted certificates in origin showing the bearings were procured from CRB Antriebstechnik, Germany. They were also embossed with the label, CRB-Made in Germany.GCF tests showed that the bearings were unacceptable due to deviations in dimensions.The company provided clarifications and assured that in case of non performance of the bearing due to manufacturing defects, they would replace the bearing free of cost and take corrective action for future supply."Consequently the bearings were accepted as a special case by unknown officials of GCF Jabalpur," the CBI alleged.Information received by the CBI shows that the German company does not manufacture these parts.It showed that Sidh Sales Syndicate got the six bearings manufactured by Sino United Industries (Luyang) Ltd Henan, China.\r\nAn unaccompanied 15-year-old boy was removed from an overbooked easyJet flight and left alone at a departure gate at London Gatwick Airport on Thursday. The child, Casper Read, was asked to leave after another passenger claimed his seat. EasyJet said the incident will be investigated, adding, "easyJet has a procedure to protect unaccompanied minors but unfortunately this was not followed."\r\nEasyJet has opened an investigation after an unaccompanied child was removed from an overbooked flight from London Gatwick.The 15-year-old was taken from his seat on flight EZY8333 to Toulouse on Thursday morning, and left alone at the departure gate. Casper Read, a schoolboy from Worthing, West Sussex, was taking only his second flight alone, to stay with relatives in France. His mother helped him check in at the airport with his bags before he went through security to the gate. Read was given a boarding pass for seat 9A but after texting his mother to tell her he was aboard, another passenger claimed his seat. With the plane overbooked, Read was told to leave the plane. He texted his mother, Stephanie Portal, who returned to the airport and found staff to help locate her son in departures. Read?s grandparents had already embarked on the two-hour round trip to Toulouse from their home to meet him.Eventually, Portal persuaded easyJet to allocate her son a seat on the final departure of the day to Toulouse, although she said the airline?s system apparently showed all four flights on Thursday were overbooked.The final flight, scheduled to depart at 6.40pm, was delayed by almost three hours, meaning Read finally arrived in Toulouse well after midnight.Portal said: ?It?s crazy. They left him alone in departures. Luckily, I had still not got on board my train to London and could come back and find him. If I had not been there I don?t know what would have happened ? he?d have had no money for the train back or anything.? A spokeswoman apologised ?for any inconvenience caused?, adding: ?EasyJet is sorry that Casper Read?s flight from London Gatwick to Toulouse was overbooked. We are investigating why he was able to board the aircraft as he should have been informed at the gate. ?EasyJet has a procedure to protect unaccompanied minors but unfortunately this was not followed on this occasion and so this will also be investigated.?Carolyn McCall, chief executive of easyJet, said: ?That is really not what we would want. It?s just not our way.? She said that on average easyJet had five no-shows on every flight, but she denied that the airline had problems with overbooking, adding: ?We don?t see an overbooking issue. We don?t tend to overbook in peak periods.?Airlines worldwide have come under increased scrutiny on overbooking since an incident where a passenger was forcibly removed from a United Airlines flight. David Dao suffered concussion, lost teeth and a broken nose when he refused to leave his booked seat to make way for crew, and was dragged away by airport police.\r\nAn Emirates flight nearly collided with an Air Seychelles aircraft while descending to land in Mauritius. The Air Seychelles aircraft, which had just taken off and was running directly into the path of the Emirates flight, veered "sharply to the right" to avoid a collision. The incident was reportedly caused by Emirates crew members? incorrect report of the plane altitude. \r\nAn Airbus A380 flight of Emirates Airways nearly collided in mid-air with an Air Seychelles passenger jet when the Dubai-based carrier was about to land in Mauritius, local media reported on Thursday.The near-collision was reportedly due to the Emirates crew members? incorrect report of the plane altitude, when the Emirates A380-800 descended to land at Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport in Mauritius, according to Dubai daily Gulf News.UAE daily The National reported that the double-decker aircraft ? which can carry 498 passengers aboard ? almost crashed into the Air Seychelles Airbus A320-200 plane, which had just taken off from the same airport.The Air Seychelles flight veered ?sharply to the right? after it ran directly into the path of the Emirates A380, the world?s biggest passenger jet.No passenger was injured on the Emirates flight, said the report, adding that further investigation about the incident was underway. \r\nThe Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has said that the Indian Army's stock of 61 types of critical ammunition will last only for ten days of war. The stocks of just 20% of the armoury were found to be satisfactory. Notably, the Indian Army is required to hold ammunition enough to fight a short intense war of 20 days. \r\nThe stock of as many as 61 types of ammunition - out of a total of 152 types of ammunition considered critical by the Indian Army to fight a war - is available for just 10 days only, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has found.The stocks of just 20 per cent of the armoury - 31 types of ammunition - were found to be satisfactory, the CAG has found. The CAG report was placed before the Parliament today.The Indian military is required to hold ammunition enough to fight a short intense war of 20 days. Earlier, Indian military was required to have store supplies, spares and ammunition - called War Wastage Reserve (WWR) - to fight a 40 day intense war. In 1999 the WWR was scaled down to only 20 days.The CAG says that of the 152 types of ammunition identified as critical stocks of only 31 were available for 40 days whereas as many as 12 types of ammunition was available for 30 to 40 days and stocks of as many of 26 types of ammunition was available for a little over 20 days.The CAG report says that while WWR stocks of some of the critical items have improved - for instance explosives and demolition items- ammunition for Armoured Fighting Vehicles (AFV) and Artillery ammunition "meant for sustaining superior fire power were under critical level".FROM INDIA TODAY MAGAZINE: Unmade in India\xa0 SHORTFALL NOT MET DESPITE SPECIAL PLANConcerned by shortfall, the previous UPA government had come up with a plan - Ammunition Road Map - to rapidly add to ammunition stocks by 2015. The CAG report, however, observes that "despite a lapse of more than three years - from March 2013- no significant improvement in availability of WWR ammunition was noticed". SHORTAGE OF AMMUNITION AFFECTS TRAINING OF SOLDIERSLack of ammunition stocks is severely affecting training of the Indian Army. The CAG has observed because of shortage of ammunition, the Army Head Quarters had imposed "restriction" on training. It says in 2016, of the 24 types of ammunition required for training only three were available for more than five days for training activity. And, the availability of as much as 88 per cent of ammunition was far below requirement. "Majority of training ammunition - 77 to 88 per cent - remained critical i.e. less than five day". \xa0FROM INDIA TODAY MAGAZINE: Preparing for the worstSPECIAL POWERS TO INDIAN ARMY TO MAKE EMERGENCY PURCHASESConcerned by huge shortfall of ammunition, the Government recently gave the vice-chief of Army Staff powers to make to emergency purchases.Sources told India Today that the Indian Army has identified 46 types of ammunition, about half dozen types of mines and 10 weapon systems as extremely critical. "These can now be purchased immediately bypassing the long winded procurement procedure," a senior officer said.Also read:Army authorised by Centre to make emergency purchases for short war Doklam standoff: China tells Arun Jaitley it is also different from 1962\r\nUniversity of Mumbai (MU) hopes to declare the results of the examinations conducted this year between March and April by the second week of August, MU officials said. The university had adopted an on-screen assessment system which reportedly caused the delay, prompting protests. Several MU colleges have started post-graduate classes without the results being declared to avoid further delays.\r\nAfter weeks of speculation, University of Mumbai officials said they hope to announce the results of major examinations conducted earlier this year, by second week of August.  While they said they were happy with the pace at which papers were being assessed over the past few weeks, teachers are still complaining about technical glitches delaying the result.?Many teachers are still complaining that they receive answer booklets in Marathi instead of English. Though teachers are entitled to evaluating the answer sheets of three papers, some have only got the requisite codes for one. Even if they want a larger share of the workload, they cannot do it. Such glitches are hindering us from speeding up the process,? said the principal of a suburban college, who did not wish to be identified. He added that even with new central assessment process (CAP) centres being set up across the city, teachers are still finding it difficult to finish assessment work.MU is still receiving complaints from teachers, who said network problems are affecting the basic uploading of answer booklets daily. ?On some days, evaluating a single answer booklet can take up to an hour. Each page takes several minutes to upload, and only then can I assess them. It is frustrating,? said a professor, who did not wish to be identified. She said most teachers are still trying to work around these problems just to ensure that results are announced soon.Earlier this month, governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao had ordered MU to announce all results by July 31. However, this now seems unlikely.  ?Assessment work is going on well and we hope to announce the results of various courses by the end of this month. The results of courses which a large number of students have opted for will be announced a week later,? said an MU official.\r\nThe government has said that India has less than 1 doctor for every 1,000 people, which is less than the World Health Organisation standard. Around 8.18 lakh doctors may be available for active service, giving a doctor-population ratio of 0.62:1000, the Minister of State for Health Anupriya Patel said. The WHO prescribes a ratio of 1:1000. \r\nIndia has less than one doctor for every 1,000 population which is less than the World Health Organization standard, the Lok Sabha was informed on Friday.Minister of state for health Anupriya Patel said as per information provided by the Medical Council of India, there were 10,22,859 allopathic doctors registered with the state medical councils or Medical Council of India as on March 31 this year.?Assuming 80 per cent availability, it is estimated that around 8.18 lakh doctors may actually be available for active service. It gives a doctor-population ratio of 0.62:1000 as per current population which is estimated to be of around 1.33 billion,? she said during Question Hour.The WHO prescribes a doctor population ratio of 1:1000.The doctor-population ratio of the some of the countries are: Australia ? 3.374:1000, Brazil ? 1.852:1000, China ? 1.49:1000, France ? 3.227:1000, Germany ? 4.125:1000, Russia ? 3.306:1000, the USA ? 2.554:1000, Afghanistan - 0.304:1000, Bangladesh ? 0.389:1000, Pakistan ? 0.806:1000.The minister said emphasis of the government was to increase the number of doctors in the country to improve the doctor population ratio.There are 479 medical colleges in the country with an intake capacity of 67,218 MBBS seats. 12,870 MBBS seats have been added in the last three years, she said.\r\nThe Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) on Friday slammed the government over poor implementation of crop insurance schemes from 2011-16, including the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana. The CAG pointed out that delays by states in releasing compensation to affected farmers defeated "the objective of providing timely financial assistance", although the Centre released its share on time. \r\nThe Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) on Friday slammed the government for poor implementation of crop insurance schemes in 2011-16, saying the funds were released to private insurers without verification.Both the central and state government had incurred an expenditure of Rs 32,606.65 crore towards payment of premium subsidy and claim liabilities in the said period. This amount was channelised via state-owned Agriculture Insurance Company (AIC) to private companies, it said in its latest report.The CAG report examined the crop insurance schemes -- NAIS, MNAIS and Weather Based Crop Insurance Scheme (WBCIS) implemented during 2011-12 through 2015-16. These schemes, however, now have been replaced with new Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojan (PMFBY) from 2016 kharif season.?During 2011-16, AIC had released Rs 36,222.79 crore as premium subsidy to 10 private insurance companies without compliance with any of the guidelines...,? the auditor said in the report placed before Parliament.It added that the AIC failed to exercise due diligence by verification of claims by private insurance companies before releasing the funds to them. It also failed to take re- insurance cover on behalf of both central and state governments.The government auditor also found out that though the central government released its share on time, there were instances of delay by state governments.?Such delays impacted the release of insurance compensation to affected farmers, defeating the fundamental purpose of the schemes to provide timely financial assistance to the farming community,? it observed.According to the CAG report, claims amounting Rs 7,010 crore (under NAIS), Rs 332.45 crore (MNAIS) and Rs 999.28 crore (WBCIS) were pending as on August 2016 due to non- receipt of premium share of state governments, litigations, verification of claims by states, reconciliation and booking errors, among others.The other finding was that during 2011-16, five out of the nine selected states took more than prescribed 45 days with delays of up to 1,069 days in processing claims, it said.The auditor also found out that there were delays in issue of notifications, receipt of declarations from banks within cut-off dates, receipt of yield data from states and processing of claims and irregularities in disbursement of claims by banks to farmers? accounts.Even monitoring of the schemes was ?very poor? as implementing agencies did not do it effectively, the CAG noted.?Even though huge funds under the schemes were provided to private companies, there was no provision for audit by the CAG to ensure proper utilisation of funds...,? it said.There was also lack of awareness as 67% farmers surveyed during the audit were not aware of the schemes. There was no proper grievance redressal system and monitoring mechanism for speedy settlement of farmers? complaints at the central or state government level, it added. \r\nCongress leader Ambika Soni on Friday announced that she is stepping down as the party's General Secretary in-charge of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh, citing poor health as the reason. However, she will continue as the Member of Parliament for Congress in Rajya Sabha, and will also serve her additional responsibilities in the two states till new appointments are made.  \r\nCongress general secretary Ambika Soni has resigned as in-charge of the party's Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh units, citing health reasons. Soni handed over her resignation to the Congress high command. However, she has said that she wants to continue working as a Congress MP.Talking to ANI, Soni said, "I have requested party leadership to relieve me as in-charge of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh due to health reasons."Party chief Sonia Gandhi and son Rahul will take a final decision on the matter.\r\nThere has been a 60% shortfall in the release of central funds to Assam for flood management, according to a Comptroller and Auditor General report. The centre was supposed to release over ?2,000 crore between 2007-08 and 2015-16 but provided only ?812 crore. It further added that the state government released only 16% of the allocated budget for flood management.\r\nEven as Assam reels under floods a Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report revealed a shortfall of 60% in the release of central funds for the state?s flood management projects.The centre was supposed to release R. 2,043.19 crore between 2007-08 and 2015-16 for 141 projects but only released R. 812.22 crore. The state government fared worse, releasing only 16% of the allocated budget provision. ?Insufficient flow of fund adversely affected the implementation of schemes,? the CAG report concluded.In Assam 14 districts have been inundated with floods, over 2 lakh people are displaced and over 70 people have lost their lives, in this year alone. Floods are a natural phenomena in these areas because excessive monsoon rains cause flooding regularly, but shoddy preparedness has only made the situation worse.?There were huge delays in completion of River Management Activities and Works related to Border Areas projects which were long term solutions for the flood problems of Assam, North Bihar and Eastern Uttar Pradesh,? the report found. ?There were discrepancies in execution of works like irregular award of work, splitting of tenders, payment at higher rates.? The CAG report evaluated 206 Flood Management Programme projects, 38 flood forecasting stations, 49 River Management Activities and works related to Border Area projects and 68 large dams in 17 states and Union Territories between 2007 and 2016. They found ?inordinate delays? in almost a quarter of the projects, in release of funds and ultimately completion of projects ranging from 10 months to 13 years.In none of the 17 states were flood prone areas even assessed scientifically. After two decades of investing in telemetry systems, that provide real time data so that flood warnings can be issued, and investing of crores of rupees the government still depends on manual data, the CAG?noted.This week, Prime Minister Modi called on Indian scientists to ?rise up to the challenges, provide solutions to improve the lives of the common man.? The call could be well heeded within the vaunted walls of Delhi.\r\nThe Deputy President of the UK Supreme Court, Brenda Hale, will be elevated to the position of the court's President in October, making her the first female to head UK's highest court. Hale, who joined the Supreme Court in 2009, will earn \xa3225,000 a year as the President. She had earlier served as a counsel to Queen Elizabeth.\r\nBrenda Hale has been appointed as the first female president of the UK supreme court.Lady Hale is a longstanding champion of diversity in the judiciary. She has previously said the court should be ashamed if it does not improve its record on the issue. Her appointment was announced on Friday and she will take up the role on 2 October, when she will be sworn in as president. She said: ?It is a great honour and a challenge to be appointed to succeed Lord Neuberger. I look forward to building upon his pioneering achievements, including developing closer links with each part of the United Kingdom, for example by sitting outside London, and improving the ways in which we communicate our work to the public. ?Recent high-profile cases mean that more people than ever before have heard of the supreme court, and we hope that this will help to create a broader understanding of how the judiciary serves society.?Hale?s appointment was announced alongside that of Jill Black, who, after promotion from the court of appeal, becomes the second female justice in the UK?s highest court. Two other court of appeal judges, David Lloyd Jones and Michael Briggs, were also appointed to the supreme court on Friday.A family law expert, Hale joined the supreme court in 2009 and is among the last of the judges who can serve to 75 as she became a judge before rules were changed in 1995 to make retiring at 70 mandatory.She will earn \xa3225,000 a year as the head of the court. Neuberger said: ?I have had the pleasure of working closely with Lady Hale over the last five years, and have seen at first hand the intellect and humanity with which she approaches the appeals which come before her, as well as her commitment to the rule of law, legal education and building public understanding of the work of the courts.?For Lady Hale to become president of the institution to which she has contributed so much is a fitting pinnacle to a truly ground-breaking career.?Hale has criticised the inbuilt bias in choosing judges, and the dependence on ?soundings? from judges, as producing a judiciary that is ?not only mainly male, overwhelmingly white, but also largely the product of a limited range of educational institutions and social backgrounds?.Born in Yorkshire in 1945, she went to a state school, Richmond high school for girls, and then to Girton College, Cambridge, where she read law and graduated top of her class.Hale?s career began in academia when she joined the University of Manchester law faculty as a junior lecturer. While teaching ? and working in a pub ? she studied for the bar exams, winning the top results for her year in the bar finals. She was also the first woman and youngest person to be appointed to the Law Commission.In 1989, she was appointed Queen?s counsel and in 1994 she became a high court judge, the first to have made her career as an academic and public servant rather than as a practising barrister.In 1999, she became the second woman to be appointed to the court of appeal; Dame Elizabeth Butler-Sloss was the first. Hale also became the first female law lord. In June 2013, she was appointed deputy president of the supreme court.Like Hale, Black is a family law specialist ? although she initially took on a broad range of criminal and civil work at the bar ? and worked in academia, having taught at then Leeds Polytechnic in the 1980s. She was raised in north Wales and studied at Durham University. Earlier this year, the 63-year-old was on a panel of appeal court judges who ruled against the government following freedom of information requests to view a former minister?s diaries. Lloyd Jones, 65, who grew up in Pontypridd, south Wales, was a ?friend of the court?, offering legal advice in the hearings into whether former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet had sovereign immunity from arrest and potential extradition to Spain over alleged human rights crimes.Briggs, 62, grew up in a naval family, following his father between ships on the south coast. While at the high court, he was in charge of the extensive Lehman Brothers insolvency litigation from 2009 to 2013.\r\nStudents over-staying and not completing their course work caused the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) a loss of nearly ?12 crore, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) said on Friday. The loss was caused by 212 students who continued to stay in hostels without paying the hostel fees after failing to complete the course.\r\nStudents overstaying and non completing their film courses at the Film and Television Institute of India have resulted in losses to the tune of up to Rs 11.83 crore, the Comptroller and Auditor General said today in a report. The massive revenue loss was caused by 212 students who failed to complete their course work, resulting in them staying on in hostels beyond the schedule completion of their academic terms. According to the CAG report, the failure of the students to complete their respective courses within the prescribed time period also resulted in admissions being held up during the academic years of 2010-11, 2014-15 and 2015-16.The 212 students continued to be on the academic roll and in hotels without any paying any fees/hostel charges, resulting in a revenue loss of Rs 11.83 crore. The CAG also said that it found cases of irregular payment of service tax, excess release of advance payment and unfruitful expenditure on consultancy fees without any commensurate benefits.STUDENTS OVERSTAYEDBetween 2006 and 2012, 315 students were admitted on a total capacity of 352 seats for various six-month diploma courses. Of these, 212 students were still on the academic roll as of March 31, 2016, as they failed to compelte their academic exercises, projects and other course work. These included 94 students who were on the roll for more than three years after their courses should have been completed.WHAT THE CAG FOUND1. The institution (FTII) neither has any specific rule to extend the tenure of such students nor any approval for such group extensions were taken from the Academic Council or Governing Council.2. The tution and hostel fees are not charged after the scheduled completion of courses. Hence, the students continued to be on academic roll and in hostels without payment of fees/hostel charges beyond the prescribed tenure of their courses.3. Continuance of a very large number of enrolled students creates additional pressure on the academic and other infrastructure of the institute.4. Of the total revenue loss of Rs 11.83 crore, Rs 2.78 crore due to FTII not charging fees for the extended duration of the courses and Rs 9.05 crore due to non-recovery of hostel fees for overstay.FTII's REPLY Responding to the CAG's findings, the FTII, in a reply on September 2016, admitted that there was a problem of students not completing their course work on time and that the institution does not have a set system of dealing with such situations.The CAG report, however, noted that the FTII students' hand book states that a student has to leave the hostel room and campus after completion of the academic tenure of his/her course.CASCADING EFFECTApart from causing a revenue loss, students overstaying at FTII has also had a cascading effect on fresh admissions, the CAG said. The situation caused the institution to skip fresh admissions in 2010, 2014, 2015.\r\nAir India is preparing a list of former employees suspected of siphoning off artwork, after several paintings from its collection were reported missing. An official said Air India lent its artwork to top executives but no one knew when the practice began. The move comes after a Jatin Das painting was returned anonymously to the airline in a damaged condition. \r\nAn internal committee of Air India is preparing a list of former employees who are suspected of siphoning-off artwork, an official with the airline said on Friday.According to the official, who did not wished to be named, the airline will "not take any action if its artworks are returned", however an internal committee has started to prepare a list of missing artwork and suspected former employees who might have them in their possession.The airline had started to lend out artwork of its vast collection to top executives in the past with the rider that the same be returned back to the company up on retirement."No one knows when did the practice of lending out artwork began, or who started it," the official said.JATIN DAS' PAINTING RETURNEDThe development comes after an unknown person returned a painting by eminent artist Jatin Das which was a part of Air India's collection.The painting was returned to the airline via a courier addressed to Air India's Chairman and Managing Director Ashwani Lohani around two weeks back."We received a courier around two weeks back. It was addressed to the CMD. The package contained the missing painting by Jatin Das," the official said.The airline has initiated an extensive investigation on the matter and suspected former officials of the airline have been questioned.On July 6, Air India said that it has initiated an inquiry to verify allegation about theft of paintings from its vast collection.The investigation was initiated after eminent artist had written to Lohani to inform him about the missing painting which was available on the black market."Jatin Das has recently written a letter (June 24) to the CMD (Air India) asking for photographs and details of the paintings in our collection that were made by him," the airline had said in a statement on July 6.Also ReadIs endgame near for the disaster called Air India?\r\nLess than a week after being appointed Chief Superintendent of Bengaluru Central Prison, R Anita was transferred reportedly over her non-cooperation with DIG Roopa's report on special treatment given to AIADMK Amma chief VK Sasikala. Anita who claimed that a senior official had directed her not to share CCTV footage from the jail, later shared an edited copy, reports said.\r\nR Anita, who was appointed as in-charge chief superintendent of the Central Prison, Bangalore, has now been transferred within less than a week after she assumed charge.Superintendent Anita was appointed on Monday in place of Krishna Kumar, who was transferred out in the wake of alleged large scale irregularities in the Bengaluru jail. She has been transferred to Dharwad and the Dharwad SP P Ramesh has been transferred to the Bangalore Central Jail.According to sources, Anita was transferred as her name also featured in D Roopa's report on VVIP perks given to Sasikala in the Bangalore Central Jail. In Roopa's report, it was mentioned that Anita had refused to give CCTV footage from the jail stating that the then chief superintendent Krishna Kumar had asked her not to.Later Anita had provided an edited copy to D Roopa.Anita was present when it was alleged that 32 convicts were beaten up inhumanly and shifted to various other prisons at Mysore, Ballari, Belagavi and Davanagere overnight.Allegedly, the prisoners were meted out this "inhuman" treatment because of their bid to stage a dharna inside the jail premises as they were not allowed to speak to (then) DIG (Prisons) D Roopa, who had visited the jail.Taking cognisance of a complaint about the alleged torture and transfer, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has issued notices to two top Karnataka prison officials.The issue of alleged preferential treatment to Sasikala, serving a four-year term in a disproportionate assets case, came to the fore after Roopa submitted a report to her superior, DGP (Prisons) H N Sathyanarayana Rao.Both DIG Roopa and DGP Rao were transferred after they sparred over the report in public.Also read:Bengaluru jail atrocities: Human rights commission slaps notices on Karnataka prison officials As DIG Roopa exposes jail perks to Sasikala, everything you need to know about VVIP prisoners How did she meet 82 people against 8 allowed? RTI filed over Sasikala meeting visitors in Bengaluru prison\r\nKerala Congress MLA M Vincent on Thursday was booked on charges of stalking, rape and abetment of suicide by police officials. The case was registered based on the statement of a 51-year-old woman who attempted suicide after being allegedly sexually harassed by the MLA. The victim is currently undergoing treatment at a private hospital.\r\nA Congress MLA has been booked on the charge of rape based on a statement given by a 51-year-old woman, who attempted suicide after she was allegedly harassed by him, police said on Friday.A case was on Thursday registered against Congress MLA M Vincent, who represents the Kovalam segment, on charges of stalking, rape and abetment of suicide based on the statement given by the woman who had last week tried to end her life at nearby Balaramapuram, police sources said. \xa0\xa0\xa0The city magistrate also recorded her statement at a hospital in Neyyatinkara, where she is undergoing treatment.Vincent, however, alleged that there was a ?political conspiracy? behind the allegation against him and filed a complaint with police, demanding a detailed probe into the matter.He claimed that a CPI(M) local leader was present at the woman?s house when she attempted suicide by consuming sleeping pills. Her brother is also a Marxist activist.Police had on Wednesday registered an abetment of suicide case against Vincent after the woman?s husband filed a complaint with police, alleging that the MLA used to repeatedly call her over the phone and harass her.The woman?s medical examination will be held on Friday, the sources said.\r\nBihar's Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University on Thursday lodged an FIR, against former Delhi Law Minister Jitendra Singh Tomar, over his fake law degree. The FIR was filed about four months after the university cancelled Tomar's degree. An enquiry held by the university in 2016 had found that Tomar had fraudulently procured a law degree from the university.\r\nThe Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University (TMBU) administration, on Thursday, lodged an FIR at University police station against former Delhi law minister Jitendra Singh Tomar , in a case pertaining to obtaining a fake law degree from the university.The FIR was filed about four months after Tomar?s ?fake? degree was cancelled by the university, after receiving approval of the TMBU?s academic council, syndicate and senate.\xa0 TMBU proctor Yogendra, who goes by a single name, is the informant in case.?Documentary evidence emerging from the findings of a probe initiated by the TMBU administration, establishing the  former minister had committed fraud for procuring a fake degree from university, has been attached with petition submitted to police for lodging the FIR?, he said.\xa0 Rajesh Tiwary, TMBU?s OSD (legal),said the findings of enquiry related to university papers and residential address submitted by Tomar at the time of his enrolment in law course at Viswanath Singh Institute of legal studies (Munger), which functions under TMBU, had also be referred to in the FIR.The TMBU officials had no clear answer as to why it took the university nearly four months to initiate legal action against former minister after his degree was cancelled.\xa0In March this year, the TMBU senate had, by a unanimous voice vote, approved the cancellation of the law degree of Tomar, which was earlier found to be ?fake? in an inquiry held by the university in 2016.The finding was conveyed to a Delhi court hearing a case in connection with Tomar?s degree, through an affidavit filed on behalf of TMBU. Subsequently, the process for cancelling the ?tainted? degree had been initiated by the TMBU authorities.The senate approval has paved way for the issuance of a formal notification by university for cancellation of his degree, which had allegedly been issued with the connivance of some employees of the university.Earlier, the examination board and disciplinary committee of the university had given their consent for cancellation of Tomar?s law degree. Even the Delhi police, in its inquiry conducted separately, had found that Tomar?s law degree was fake.Tomar was arrested by the Delhi police on June 9, 2015 in connection with the fake degree case. He had submitted his resignation to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on the following day, just hours after a Delhi court remanded him to four-day police custody.More than a dozen university employees, who had been indicted in the probe undertaken by university and also in Delhi police probe, for their complicity in issuing a fake degree to the former Delhi minister have, however, been spared legal action, for now.TMBU?registrar Mohan Mishra said hearing in  the fake degree case was underway in the Delhi high court and the employees indicted in university probe had been also indicted in probe of Delhi Police. ?The TMBU decided to defer initiation of separate legal action against them till the decision of court on employees is known?, he explained.\r\nThe government has said digital transactions worth ?12,000 crore were carried out every year and added that fraudulent transactions among these were low. Adding that digital payments will be made more secure, Minister for Electronics and Information Technology Ravi Shankar Prasad said the number of fraudulent transactions was between 0.005% and 0.007% for March, April, and May 2017.\r\nThere were around Rs 12,000 crore worth of digital transactions every year and the number of fraudulent transactions among these was low, government said in Rajya Sabha on Friday.Minister for Electronics and Information Technology Ravi Shankar Prasad said for prepaid payments including e-wallets, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has started maintaining provisional data of fraudulent transactions.?According to the data for March, April and May 2017, the number of fraudulent transactions is between 0.005% and 0.007% of the total number of transactions,? he said during Question Hour.Prasad also said the government was considering the suggestions made by a committee headed by Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on digital transactions.Earlier, a member had sought to know whether the government planned to implement the recommendation by the committee for including a provision of insurance cover for digital transaction frauds.According to the details given by the minister, the number of cases of fraud involving credit cards, ATM/Debit cards and internet banking during 2015-16 was 16,468 and 13,653 in 2016-17.As per incidents reported to the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-in), 40 phishing incidents affecting 19 financial organisations and 10 incidents affecting ATMs, Point of Sales (POS) systems and Unified Payment Interface (UPS) have been reported during November 2016 to June 2017.He said the government is taking several steps to secure digital payments. \r\nPunjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh has ordered an inquiry into alleged disappearance of 98 Johnnie Walker scotch bottles from Punjab State Drug Food and Chemical Testing Laboratory. The bottles were deposited with the lab as samples of liquor seized by state police. The incident came to light when a raid was carried out following complaints of irregularities at the lab.\r\nPunjab chief minister Capt Amarinder Singh on Friday ordered an inquiry into the alleged disappearance of 98 bottles of Johnnie Walker scotch from the Punjab State Drug Food and Chemical Testing Laboratory, Kharar.Taking cognizance of reports published in a section of the media, the CM directed the director general of police (DGP) to get the matter thoroughly investigated and submit the report in two weeks, according to a press release issued by his office. The said bottles had been deposited with the lab as sample of liquor seized by the state police. The incident came to light when a raid was carried out by the vigilance department on a complaint about irregularities at the lab.The CM said that no laxity would be tolerated in the matter, especially in view of his government?s commitment to the elimination of the drug menace.\r\nUS President Donald Trump has reportedly consulted his advisers on how he can pardon himself, his family and his aides if they face legal action as part of the ongoing Russia probe. The probe is being led by former FBI Director Robert Mueller who vowed that his highest priority would be "to restore the public's confidence in the FBI".\r\nThe highest-ranking Democrat on the US Senate intelligence committee has said it was ?extremely disturbing? if Donald Trump was contemplating a pardon for aides that could be implicated in a probe on Russian meddling in last year?s election.Senator Mark Warner was referring to a Washington Post article late Thursday saying that Trump was consulting with advisers ?about his power to pardon aides, family members and even himself? in connection to the probe led by special counsel and former FBI director Robert Mueller.It is not clear whether it is possible for a US president to pardon themselves. The constitution does not explicitly prohibit self-pardons, but it has never been done before.The nearest precedent is supplied by Richard Nixon, who sought advice on the question as he faced the prospect of impeachment for obstruction of justice and abuse of power following the Watergate scandal in the early 1970s. Nixon?s personal lawyer advised him that he could pardon himself, but the justice department said he could not, according to Brian C Kalt, a law professor at Michigan State University whose recent book, Constitutional Cliffhangers, devotes a chapter to the issue.Nixon resigned and was eventually pardoned by his successor, president Gerald Ford."It really is uncharted territory," Kalt said.?\xa0"Anyone who?s certain is wrong."Trump?s lawyers were attempting to ?corral the probe? and were compiling a list of Mueller?s alleged potential conflicts of interest in order to ?stymie his work?, according to the Post, which quoted anonymous sources for the article.In a statement, Warner said that Russia?s interference in the 2016 elections ?was an attack on our democracy. Both the Senate intelligence committee and special counsel Mueller are currently investigating whether any coordination occurred between Russia and individuals associated with the Trump campaign?.?The possibility that the president is considering pardons at this early stage in these ongoing investigations is extremely disturbing,? said Warner, the senior senator from Virginia and vice-chair of the intelligence committee.?Pardoning any individuals who may have been involved would be crossing a fundamental line.?The White House has yet to comment on the Post report.In an interview with the New York Times on Wednesday, Trump warned Mueller that some of his family finances should be off-limits to his investigation.Asked if Mueller looking at finances unrelated to Russia would be a red line, Trump responded: ?I would say yes.?A move by Trump?s legal team to look for conflicts of interest among members of Mueller?s investigative team was also reported by both the New York Times and Associated Press on Thursday.AP said two people with knowledge of the investigative process say efforts under way include exploring the political affiliations of Mueller?s investigators and their work history.Attorney Jay Sekulow, a member of the president?s external legal team, told AP that the lawyers ?will consistently evaluate the issue of conflicts and raise them in the appropriate venue?.On Friday, White House aide Kellyanne Conway said it was only fair to expose any potential conflicts of interest of investigators helping Mueller examine Russia?s interference in the 2016 election and possible ties to the Trump campaign.Conway told Fox News? ?Fox & Friends? that members of Mueller?s team have contributed to Democrats Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama in the past. ?It?s relevant that people know what the motivations are. That is not an attack on the team.?Mueller and congressional committees are investigating whether the president?s campaign colluded with Russia during the 2016 election. While Trump has assailed the inquiries as a partisan ?witch hunt?, the investigations have increasingly drawn in his family and close advisers, including son Donald Trump Jr and son-in-law and White House senior adviser Jared Kushner.As the investigations intensify, Trump?s legal team is also undergoing a shake-up. New York-based attorney Marc Kasowitz, whose unconventional style has irked some White House aides, is seen as a diminishing presence in the operation, according to two people with knowledge of the matter.Mark Corallo, who has been working as a spokesman for the legal team, is no longer part of the operation, according to those familiar with the situation. They insisted on anonymity because they were not authorised to discuss the matter publicly.\r\nFinance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the Income Tax department has detected over ?19,000 crore in black money following investigations into global leaks including Panama papers and HSBC account holders in Switzerland. He further said that the government has commissioned a study on estimation of unaccounted income and wealth inside and outside the country.\r\nThe Income Tax department has detected over Rs 19,000 crore in black money following investigations into global leaks including HSBC account holders in Switzerland, the government said on Friday.Finance minister Arun Jaitley said investigations into information, put into public domain by the ICIJ, pertaining to about 700 Indian persons allegedly linked to offshore entities based in no tax or low tax jurisdiction, have led to detection of more than Rs 11,010 crore of credits in undisclosed foreign accounts.?72 prosecution complaints in 31 such cases have been filed before the criminal courts,? he informed the Lok Sabha.The government constituted a multi-agency group (MAG) in April 2016 for facilitation co-ordinated and speedy investigation in the cases of Indians allegedly having undisclosed foreign assets and whose names were reportedly included in Panama papers leak.He further said that information on 628 Indian persons holding bank accounts in HSBC bank in Switzerland was received from the government of France under the Double Taxation Avoidance Convention (DTAC) between India and France.?As a result of systematic investigation in these cases, undisclosed income of about Rs 8,437 crore was brought to tax till May 2017.?Besides, concealment penalty of Rs 1,287 crore was levied in 162 cases and 199 criminal prosecution complaints were filed in 84 cases,? Jaitley pointed out.He noted, however, that the information received under the tax treaties can be used for tax purposes and its disclosure is governed by the confidentiality provisions of such treaties.Replying to a query, whether the government has made any assessment of black money stashed by Indians in foreign countries, Jaitley said there is no official estimation of that.However, he said, the government had commissioned a study on estimation of unaccounted income and wealth inside and outside the country to be conducted by NIPFP, NIFM and NCAER.?The reports of these institutions and the government?s response on the findings in the reports would be placed before the Standing Committee on Finance shortly,? he added. \r\nMusic composer-singer Pritam has said he'd want to auction a guitar gifted to him by Shah Rukh Khan for charity. SRK wrote on Instagram that he gifted it to Pritam before Jab Harry Met Sejal's shooting and Pritam gifted him the film's "beautiful music" in return. "To pass on the goodness, I'd put this on auction for charity," commented Pritam.\r\nShah Rukh Khan has gifted Pritam Chakraborty a guitar for making music for his forthcoming film Jab Harry Met Sejal. The composer said he has put the gift on auction for charity.Shah Rukh shared a photograph of himself on Twitter along with Pritam posing with the guitar, which had the poster of the Imtiaz Ali?s directorial printed behind it.  ?This guitar has had a ?Safar? of its own. Gave it to Pritam before the film and he gifted me the beautiful music of ?Jab Harry Met Sejal? in return,? Shah Rukh captioned the image. In reply, Pritam tweeted, ?Thank you sir! This gift is extremely special to me just like Jab Harry Met Sejal music. To pass on the goodness, I?d put this on auction for charity.?Pritam has composed songs like Safar and Radha for the film. Jab Harry Met Sejal is produced by Red Chillies Entertainment. It will showcase Anushka Sharma essaying the role of a Gujarati girl named Sejal Jhaveri, while Shah Rukh plays a Punjabi guy named Harinder Singh Nehra. The film is all set to release on August 4. \r\nRJ Malishka, following the criticism by Yuva Sena leaders on her pothole song, tweeted that she has composed six more songs. The leaders wanted Mumbai's civic body BMC to file a ?500 crore defamation case against her for maligning the civic body's image. BMC also sent a notice to Malishka's mother over breeding of dengue mosquitoes at her Mumbai home.\r\n Radio jockey Malishka Mendonsa, who is at the centre of a very public battle with the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) after featuring in a music video for an FM channel mocking the civic body?s ill-preparedness this monsoon, hit back in a rather cheeky way on Thursday. Malishka tweeted she is ready with six more songs. She further wrote, ?I am a rapper now. Also a breeder apparently.? The ?breeder? comment referred to the BMC sending a notice to the RJ?s mother on Wednesday for ?breeding dengue? at the Bandra flat, days after Malishka?s video went viral. The video, ?Mumbai, tula BMC var bharavsa nahi ka?? (Mumbai, don?t you trust BMC?) went viral on social media inviting the BMC and Sena?s ire. Malishka thanked Mumbaiites on Twitter for their support. She also received support from activists like Shailesh Gandhi. He tweeted, ?Support Malishka against BMC harassment for singing the truth. Upload your own videos.? Another activist from Bandra, Dolphy D?Souza, said there should be no punitive action against Malishka. He said, ?Instead of taking corrective measures, the BMC is shooting the messenger.? Hashtags like Mumbai with Malishka, I support RJ Malishka and Pothole rap continued to trend on the social-networking website.The Sambhaji brigade also expressed its support for the RJ along with Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Anjali Damania. Damania tweeted, ?Malishka every word you said comes from Mumbaikar?s heart. Thanks for having the spine to stand against Shiv Sena and BJP.? BMC officials, however, continued to say the notice was a part of a routine exercise. ?We have surveyed more than 60 lakh houses in the past six months. How will we know it was Malishka?s residence??said a civic official. Meanwhile, the radio channel released another video on Thursday stating Delhi and Mumbai face similar problems. The song ?Sonu, tula RJ var bharavsa nahi ka?? is similar to Malishka?s video released last week. \r\nRandhir Kapoor, while commenting on people who troll his daughter Kareena over her parenting style, has asked who are they to interfere in her life. "[S]he has to go and work out to stay in shape, or else she'll get trolled for that too," he added. Randhir further said Kareena will continue working even though she has a baby now.\r\n?Who the hell are they to interfere in our lives?? says an angry Randhir Kapoor, referring to the social network trolls pointing fingers at his daughter, Kareena Kapoor Khan, for occasionally taking out me-time while she has a seven-month-old son. ?Kareena is a modern girl, and she has to go and work out to stay in shape, or else she?ll get trolled for that, too. She has worked all her life and continues to do that after having a baby, so definitely she?s not leaving the child behind; rather, she?s striking the perfect balance.?The veteran actor?s anger boiled over while speaking to us on the phenomenon that may be described as ?let?s troll Kareena because she dares to find time for herself?.Kareena?s pregnancy and later becoming a mother to baby Taimur in December last year has, perhaps, been one of the most celebrated recent occasions in Bollywood. While shutterbugs don?t miss a chance to click Kareena and her infant son, nasty tongues have been at work, too.    OUR DUMPLING TURNS 7 MONTHS OLD TODAY ?? May God bless you always champ. ?? A post shared by Kareena Kapoor Khan Fanclub (@kareenafc) on Jul 20, 2017 at 6:34am PDT Fingers have been pointed at Bebo?s parenting ? the actor has been trolled for ?abandoning? and ?neglecting? Taimur and instead hosting parties and going to the gym. One such tweet read: ?Taimur Ali Khan, you are so cute, sadly you will never know true meaning of mom, shame on Kareena Kapoor Khan for neglecting her child (sic).?Kareena, 36, shot back, ?Going out with friends doesn?t make me any less of a good mother. It?s easy to see a photograph of me and jump to conclusions, but people don?t know my equation with my child. We?re capable of multitasking.? The actor has worked from time to time since Taimur?s birth, walking the runway at a fashion show and shooting for a commercial in London.Is it really tough for a mother to balance fun, work and parenting? No, say experts, adding that it?s rather important for a woman to take a break after embracing motherhood.Dr Gitanjali Sharma, relationship expert, says, ?More than 50 per cent of women go though post-partum blues and often slip into depression because they?re confined to their rooms or just take care of the baby. One has to meet friends and look after their own happiness, both physically and mentally, to be able to raise the child in a fit and healthy way.?    ???the one I live for.. #danishsummer #denmarkdiaries A post shared by Mandira Bedi (@mandirabedi) on Jul 13, 2017 at 10:54pm PDT Actor Mandira Bedi, mother to a five-year-old son, adds in agreement, ?Even a parent needs a break. For me, even those early 40 days, when I was with my son all the time, my only sanity would be when I went for a run, jog and exercise. That would give me some balance. A parent needs a break from the child, even if you?re a working parent.?On why celebrity parents are targets of trolls, Dr Kamal Khurana, mentor for personal transformation, says that people always want to know [more] about a public figure. ?The moment you make a statement or ask a question, it, by default, becomes a judgment. In Kareena?s case, I?d say there are different parenting styles, so it?s not fair to judge. We just need to understand that no parent would want to do harm to the child,? he says. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nInsurance giant Swiss Re is preparing an insurance policy for the Mesoamerican Reef in Mexico to prevent its further deterioration, reports said. Under the scheme, which is reportedly the first for a natural structure, the premiums will be paid by hotels and government, and money to pay for the repair of the reef will be released if a storm strikes.n\r\nA stretch of coral reef off Mexico is the testing ground for a new idea that could protect fragile environments around the world: insurance.The reef, off the coast of Canc\xfan, is the first to be protected under an insurance scheme by which the premiums will be paid by local hotels and government, and money to pay for the repair of the reef will be released if a storm strikes.Coral reefs offer a valuable buffer against storm damage from waves but their condition has deteriorated in recent years, the result of human exploitation and destruction of the reefs, as well as climate change, plastic waste and the acidification of the oceans.Under the Canc\xfan insurance policy, pioneered by the insurance company Swiss Re and the Nature Conservancy, a US environmental charity, local organisations dependent on tourism will pay in to a collective pot likely to amount to between $1m (\xa3770,000) and $7.5m for the insurance premiums on the policy, and a 40 mile (60km) stretch of reef and connected beach will be monitored. If any destructive storms damage the reef system, the insurer will pay out sums likely to be $25m to $70m in any given year.Any payouts will be used for restoration of the reef, for instance by building artificial structures that can increase the height of the reef in case of storm damage.Corals from the reef can be removed and rested for a period of weeks or months, to help them regrow, at which point they can be safely reattached to their native habitat to regenerate the growth of the reef system. The advantages of such restoration go far beyond the hotels that border the seafront. As well as providing a natural brake against destructive storms, coral reefs provide nurseries for fish when they are growing, and form a vital part of the marine ecosystem. Their health or decline is seen as one of the key indicators of the state of the natural environment globally.The Canc\xfan scheme, which is to be run by Swiss Re and the Nature Conservancy, with backing from the Mexican government, is thought to be one of the first in the world to tie environmental benefits and the ?eco-system services? provided by natural environmental features to firm monetary costs and rewards. It could provide a model for similar projects in the future, linking the protection and preservation of the environment to payouts in case of disaster.Hotels and private companies are signing up to the scheme at present, and the plan is for a fund backed by the government that will cover the premiums. This is scheduled to be activated in September, with further contracts to be signed in November and December, and full coverage will then begin from next January.?Public-private partnerships are the key,? said Mark Tercek, chief executive of the Nature Conservancy, in an interview with the Guardian. He predicted that more governments would see the advantages of such an approach when the Canc\xfan scheme begins formal operation.?I used to get very frustrated that not enough was happening [to protect the environment],? said Tercek. ?We have to push business leaders to go further, to stick their neck out to tackle issues beyond the short term.?Tercek said the Canc\xfan scheme would provide an example for businesses, governments and insurance firms that would be ?very scalable around the world?.A future target for similar insurance products could be mangrove swamps, which also protect the shore against storm damage, and are equally under threat, with many destroyed to make way for housing development or farming, and others in peril from climate change.\r\nFormer National Football League player and actor OJ Simpson has been granted parole after serving nearly nine years in prison and may be released in October this year. His sentence was scheduled to end in September 2022. Simpson was sentenced for allegedly leading a group of men into a Las Vegas hotel in 2007 to steal sports memorabilia at gunpoint.\r\n\r\n\r\n8.23pm BST\r\n20:23\r\n\r\nSimpson?s attorney, Malcolm LaVergne, has ended questioning. That will end our live coverage. To summarize: A Nevada parole board has voted unanimously to allow OJ Simpson to go free as early as October, citing the former NFL star?s compliance with prison rules, his lack of prior convictions, his low risk of committing another crime, his community support and stable post-release plans. Thanks for following along with us and be sure to read Amanda Holpuch?s full report on today?s hearing below.\r\n\r\n8.19pm BST\r\n20:19\r\n\r\nSimpson?s attorney said he never believed parole was a sure thing: ?It was hard to know the certainty of this,? LaVergne says. ?Mr Simpson is obviously a very polarizing figure. He?s very well loved, but he?s also held into contempt by a lot of people.? \r\n\r\n8.15pm BST\r\n20:15\r\n\r\nLaVergne now berating a reporter who?s brought up retired correctional officer Jeffrey Felix who worked at Lovelock and talked about Simpson. The attorney says he?s started the process of getting Felix?s pension stipped. Interestingly, when Simpson was sitting in front of a hot mic in the moments before the parole board?s decision was announced, the microphone overheard him saying he might sue Felix.\r\n\r\n8.11pm BST\r\n20:11\r\n\r\nIt?s official: Inmate No. 1027820 at Lovelock correctional facility will be released in October. Now Simpson?s attorney Malcolm LaVergne is fielding questions from media. LaVergne says Fremong?s testimony in favor of Simpson was very helpful in helping broker Simpson?s release. Right now Fremong is sitting with Simpson and his family inside the facility, he says. ?They?re friends,? LaVergne says. ?This was a big mishap.?\r\n\r\n7.55pm BST\r\n19:55\r\n\r\nNow the parole board is back in the room, saving OJ from the hot mic (and himself). Tony Corda is speaking. He says Simpson deserved to go to prison for his crime, but he?s complied with the rules of the prison, he?s a low risk to reoffend, he has community support and stable post-release plans. The question is whether he?s served enough time in prison on this case. Corda agrees he has.Jackson and Endel also concur. And finally Bisbee votes to grant parole, completing the unanimous 4-0 decision.BREAKING: O.J. Simpson granted parole when eligible in October https://t.co/nc8Su7r49N?Thank you!? Simpson says as applause rings in the room.Updated\r\nat 8.00pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n7.51pm BST\r\n19:51\r\n\r\nOJ now talking about cookies and ice cream. And now Mike Tyson. Not a joke.\r\n\r\n7.50pm BST\r\n19:50\r\n\r\nOJ Simpson and his attorney Malcolm LaVergne are back in the teleconference room at Lovelock correctional center. Now Simpson is smiling and laughing with others in the room on a hot mic (!), talking about the challenges of the teleconference format.\r\n\r\n7.34pm BST\r\n19:34\r\n\r\nIf there was any surprise to today?s routine hearing, it was Simpson?s semi-confrontational posture to the board, specifically the self-justification of the robbery in his opening remarks. That said, every testimony was in his favor and by all accounts he?s shown himself to be rehabilitated: a model prisoner. Most seem to agree he?s served more than enough time for the crime he?s been incarcerated for. All signs indicate he will be paroled today and released on or around 1 October, but it?s not as if Simpson?s very American tale hasn?t offered up final-reel twists in the past. Stay tuned.\r\n\r\n7.19pm BST\r\n19:19\r\n\r\nBisbee calls the hearing into recess so the board can move into deliberations, which could take up to a half hour. The four-member panel must be unanimous to make a decision. If they are divided, the other two commissioners are brought in to add their feedback. From there, it?s subject to a simple majority. A 3-3 deadlock will result in another hearing in six months? time.Updated\r\nat 7.22pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n7.16pm BST\r\n19:16\r\n\r\nFromong closes: ?We all make mistakes. OJ made his. He?s been here and from what I?ve heard he?s been a model inmate. He?s been an example to others. During the trial I recommended he serve one to three years. That?s what I recommended to the DA. I?m here to say that I?ve known OJ for a long time. I don?t feel he?s a threat to anyone out there. ?He?s a good man. I know that he does a lot for other people and I feel that nine-and-a-half-to-33 years was way too long. And I feel that it?s time to give him a second chance. It?s time for him to go home to his family, his friends. This is a good man, he made a mistake.?\r\n\r\n7.14pm BST\r\n19:14\r\n\r\nNow Bruce Fromong is speaking. He says first and forement he?s not only here as Simpson?s friend of almost 27 years, but he?s also appearing as a victim of a crime. He believes Simpson was misguided on the date of the crime, that he was misled about what was going to be there that day. He was promised family photos, family heirlooms, possibly his ex-wife?s engagement ring, when in reality it was mostly football memorabilia. He admits there were items in that room that were stolen from Simpson, but he insists that he never stole anything from OJ. (A point on which Simpson appears to agree.)?I will make this clear to you: OJ never held a gun on me,? Fromong says. ?There was a coward in that room, a man named McClinton, who came up gangster-style. He held the gun on me. Not OJ. Another man came in, hit me. Not OJ, he never laid a hand on me.?\r\n\r\n7.07pm BST\r\n19:07\r\n\r\nSimpson?s attorney?s second point focuses on the amends that Simpson has made with Bruce Fromong, one of the two robbery victims (and the only one still living). Fromong will testify next, but Simpson will make his closing statement first.?I am sorry the things turned out the way they did,? Simpson says in his final statement to the board. ?I had no intention to commit a crime.?\r\n\r\n6.59pm BST\r\n18:59\r\n\r\nLaVergne says this letter, which he claims he?s reading without Simpson?s knowledge, proves Simpson?s positive intentions and represents ?the definiton of character?: that Simpson had a friend suddenly in a position of power but he refused to use it to try and get better treatment or an early release. That?s the first part of LaVergne?s closing remarks, he says. \r\n\r\n6.57pm BST\r\n18:57\r\n\r\nBisbee now tells Simpson?s attorney Malcolm LaVergne that it?s time for closing statements. He reads a letter written by Simpson to Nevada state Assemblyman Osvaldo Fumo, the full text of which appears below.This is the letter #OJSimpson's attorney is referring to. @8NewsNow pic.twitter.com/YsYa8WeH5t\r\n\r\n6.52pm BST\r\n18:52\r\n\r\nArnelle Simpson, OJ?s oldest child, is now speaking on his behalf: ?No one really knows how much we?ve been through.?She says the family realizes he?s not perfect but has done the best he can and acknowledges he didn?t make the right decision in 2008 when he tried to take back his property.Updated\r\nat 7.01pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n6.49pm BST\r\n18:49\r\n\r\nIndeed, Endel is wearing a Kansas City Chiefs tie.\r\n\r\n6.42pm BST\r\n18:42\r\n\r\nEndel asks how he?d anticipate dealing with public scrutiny if released. Simpson says he?s been recognized publicly ?since I was 19? and is more than used to it. He says even in the two decades since his double-murder trial, he rarely encounteres negativity on the streets and has remained as appraochable as ever.\r\n\r\n6.41pm BST\r\n18:41\r\n\r\nAdam Endel, another parole commissioner, asks whether he?s completed his restitution payments to the victims. After a bit of a confusion, Simpson confirms he has. Endel then asks why parole would be better for Simpson than completing his sentence in Lovelock. Simpson says he?s been denied time with his four kids long enough: ?I?ve served my time. ... I?ve not complained for nine years. All I?ve done is try to be helpful.?He says he?s received many interview requests and job offers from media and turned them all down. Endel asks if Simpson emphasizes that any violation of his parole, if it?s granted, would result in his returning to prison: ?I?ve never lived a criminal life. I?m a pretty straight shooter.?\r\n\r\n6.37pm BST\r\n18:37\r\n\r\n?I haven?t made any excuses in nine years here,? Simpson says. ?But I should have never let these security guys try to help when they were only trying to help themselves.?Jackson says they?ve received hundreds of letters of support and hundreds of letters against his release. Most of the latter group, Jackson says, have begged the board to consider Simpson?s criminial trial in the 1994 murders of his ex-wife and her friend and subsequent civil judgment against Simpson. Jackson confirms what we already knew: the board will not considered either of these factors in their decision. Simpson somewhat meekly shrugs his shoulders in consent. \r\n\r\n6.34pm BST\r\n18:34\r\n\r\nSimpson is asked whether these courses, including a computer course, will help his re-adjustment to the world. ?I?m not a guy who has conflicts on the street,? Simpson says. ?I?m a guy who?s got along with just about everybody.?\r\n\r\n6.31pm BST\r\n18:31\r\n\r\nCorn asks another question: ?What do you think the impact was on your victims?? Simpson says he knows what the impact was, but re-emphasizes that no one ever accused him of pulling a weapon on them.Now Susan Jackson, another parole commissioner, asks about his commitment to Christianity and how he started a Baptist ministy in prison. He then tells Jackson about the various courses he?s complete in prison, inclduing courses in Alternative to Violence and Victim Empathy. He admits that he ?had a few drinks? on the day of the robbery because they were celebrating a wedding, but he never had a substance abuse issue. Jackson says that she asks the question because he promised the parole board in 2013 that he?d attend Alcoholics Anonymous, which he hasn?t done. Simpson says he never had a problem and believed that his initiative with the Baptist prayer group and role as commissioner of an 18-team softball league compensates for the exprience he?d have had in AA.\r\n\r\n6.22pm BST\r\n18:22\r\n\r\n... Simpson?s voice raises as he goes deeper into his account: ?It?s been ruled legally by the state of California that the property was mine.? He finds it unfair that he?s in jall for going to retrieve property that courts ultimately found was rightfully his. He says he didn?t realize guns were brandished in the hotel room until after they were back in the car driving back to their hotel.\r\n\r\n6.19pm BST\r\n18:19\r\n\r\nThe former NFL star explains he was contacted by a man who offered photographs of the sports memorabilia that OJ immediately recognized as personal belongings, including his mother?s photo album and personal letters. By chance, ?a perfect storm? as Simpson called it, they all ended up in Las Vegas at the same time. The people who had the memorabilia were former friends of OJ, he explains, who had actually helped him move the stuff into storage before. He continues to tell how the scheme to retrieve the property unfolded, nothing that?s not already in the public record. He emphasizes that he had no weapon. (Remember: The four other men who accompanied Simpson, including two who testified that they carried guns, accepted plea deals in the heist and received probation.)He continues ... \r\n\r\n6.11pm BST\r\n18:11\r\n\r\nSimpson is asked whether the first time he was arrested was after the age of 24. He admits he was arrested for the first time ?when I was 46 or 47?. We all know what that was for.Bisbee says he?s had a substance abuse issue and that Simpson is male. Then she says that Simpson is ?90 years old? and both rooms erupt in laugher. OJ, of course, is 70. She corrects her error with a smile. He has stable post-release plans and no gang affiliations.Bisbee says these factors make Simpson a low risk, but the violent nature of the offense will force the board consider factors, both aggravating and mitigating.\r\n\r\n6.07pm BST\r\n18:07\r\n\r\n?Mr Simpson, you are getting the same hearing that everybody else gets,? Bisbee says, prompting a hint of laughter from Simpson and his attorney, but adds that she will be adding more information than necessary due to the excessive amount of media interest in the case. Bisbee goes into the explaining the detailed risk assessment used by Nevada to determine the prisoner?s likelihood of committing another crime: ?It?s pretty darn predictive is the bottom line here.?\r\n\r\n6.05pm BST\r\n18:05\r\n\r\nConnie Bisbee, one of the four parole commissioners, starts off the hearing at 10:01am local time by calling for Simpson, who will be joined by one of his representatives. And here?s OJ, who, as previous reports have indicated, has indeed lost a considerable amount of weight. He?s wearing his blue prisoner uniform and joined by his attorney. Bisbee says his parole eligibility date is ?October 1st, 2017?. Updated\r\nat 6.16pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n6.01pm BST\r\n18:01\r\n\r\nThe four commissioners of the parole board have taken their seat in their Carson City office. No sign of Simpson yet from Lovelock. The hearing should be under way shortly.\r\n\r\n5.57pm BST\r\n17:57\r\n\r\nThe board will depend heavily on a points system that considers 11 factors, including criminal history, age and gender, history of alcohol and/or drug abuse, and behavior as an inmate. Most of these are expected to align in Simpson?s favor. Remember: the same four commissioners for todays hearing already granted Simpson parole on the lesser charges of kidnapping, robbery and burglary in a July 2013 hearing.One factor that won?t be considered is Simpson?s trial (and ultimate acquittal) in the 1994 killings of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ronald Goldman.\r\n\r\n5.36pm BST\r\n17:36\r\n\r\nOJ Simpson, a/k/a inmate No1027820, is scheduled to appear before the Nevada Board of Parole Commissioners today for a hearing that will determine whether one of America?s most notorious prisoners will be released after serving nine years of a 33-year sentence for convictions related to a 2007 kidnapping and armed robbery at a Las Vegas hotel.The hearing is slated to begin at 10pm local time (1pm ET/6pm BST) or just about 25 minutes from now. Here?s a general idea of what to expect:The release of Simpson, now 70, would no doubt kick off a renewed media frenzy that?s been suggested in the days leading up to today?s hearing, which will be broadcast live nationally on ESPN. Offshore betting websites, 5Dimes.com and Bovada.lv are both offering odds on whether the disgraced football star will be released.Updated\r\nat 7.19pm BST\r\n\r\n\r\n4.50pm BST\r\n16:50\r\n\r\nBryan will be here shortly. In the meantime, here?s a look at what?s at stake with today?s hearing.OJ Simpson, the former NFL star famously acquitted of murder but later jailed for a doomed bid to retrieve sports memorabilia that he said belonged to him, is expected be a free man soon.On Thursday morning, a Nevada state parole board will hold a hearing for Simpson, 70, who is in the ninth year of a 33-year sentence for armed robbery and assault with a weapon. The disgraced gridiron hero, with the help of several other accomplices, broke into a Las Vegas hotel room on 13 September 2007 and held up two memorabilia dealers for collectibles and personal items he claimed were rightfully his. He was found guilty by a jury on all 12 charges and given the maximum sentence.Four members from the Nevada board of parole commissioners will consider parole for Simpson at the board offices in Carson City in a hearing scheduled for 10am PT. Simpson will participate by video conference from about 100 miles away at Lovelock correctional center, the Pershing County prison where he has been incarcerated since December 2008.The same four commissioners already granted Simpson parole on the lesser charges of kidnapping, robbery and burglary in a July 2013 hearing. That ruling left Simpson with four years remaining before reaching the minimum sentence of nine years.The rate of inmates who are granted parole in discretionary hearings held as they approach their minimum sentence is around 82%.\r\nZain Ali, an ex-contestant on music reality show Sa Re Ga Ma Pa, was found dead under mysterious circumstances at his friend's home in Sheikhupura, Pakistan on Friday. He was reportedly found lying unconscious in the bathroom of the house. Zain's brother revealed he had a history of drug addiction but denied that an overdose could have been the cause.\r\nAn ex-contestant of music reality show Sa Re Ga Ma Pa was found dead at his friend?s home in Sheikhupura on Friday. According to a report in The Express Tribune, he was found lying unconscious in the bathroom of the house.Zain?s brother, Sonu, said that the singer left his home on Thursday to stay with his friends. ?Zain told us that he was going to hang out with his friends for a few days but we woke up to the news of his death. He was unmarried and had no love affairs or financial troubles that we know. In fact, Zain was about to make a new song for an upcoming film soon and was very excited about it,? he said.There has been no confirmation on the reason behind his death. His brother revealed that Zain did have drug addiction issues but denied that an over dose could have been the cause.Medical investigations are underway.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\n'Lipstick Under My Burkha' director Alankrita Shrivastava has said the censors have a problem with female point of view, while adding, "They're...not comfortable with something that questions...the status quo." She also said that the male perspective which dominates popular culture, has led to discrimination against women and "makes stalking seem like love, makes harassment...abuse of women okay".\r\nA Bollywood director whose ?lady oriented? film was blocked by censors has hit back at the movie establishment, saying it needs more women at the top to battle deep-rooted Indian prejudice. ?The censors have a problem with a female point of view; they?re just not comfortable with something that questions or disturbs the status quo,? said Alankrita Shrivastava, whose film has now overcome its critics and will be released in Indian cinemas on Friday.Shrivastava said popular culture was shaped by man?s perspective, and it was therefore important to encourage more women directors, artists and storytellers. Her movie - which profiles women who break free from tradition - stars a Muslim woman and a middle-aged widow among its unlikely heroines.Shrivastava battled hard on social media for its release after India?s censor board refused to certify Lipstick Under My Burkha, calling the film ?lady oriented?.Shrivastava appealed the decision with the film certification tribunal, which said the film could be released with an adult certification and after minor cuts. Relating the story of four women who want to realise their dreams, the movie has sparked a debate in India over what is permissible in movies and how women are actually portrayed. ?Our popular culture, our cinema is largely a product of the male gaze, for the male gaze,? she said.?Art and popular culture are powerful tools we can use to have a conversation about perspective and conditioning. It can force us to think differently, see a different point of view.?Women film directors in India?s Bollywood, just as in Hollywood, make up only a small fraction of the industry. Churning out about 1,000 films a year, Bollywood is largely known for its formulaic fare of action flicks and syrupy romances with elaborate song-and-dance sequences.Movies with female protagonists and stories that challenge gender stereotypes are still rare. This has a far-reaching effect on audiences, said Shrivastava. ?Women are 50 percent of the population; we have a particular way of seeing things, but it is the male perspective that has dominated for so long in popular culture,? she said.?This perspective has led to discrimination against women, violence against women. Our popular culture justifies this perspective, and makes stalking seem like love, makes harassment and abuse of women okay.?Campaigners in India have urged the film industry to stop glorifying stalking and harassment after several violent deaths of women. There has also been a campaign to rewrite Bollywood songs to end gender stereotyping and misogyny in films.\r\nActress Diana Penty has said that it is human nature to forget people who are not in the limelight, while adding that this has never bothered her. Diana further said, "It's my life and I prefer choosing my path... I don't think about who has done what." She has acted in the films 'Cocktail' and 'Happy Bhag Jayegi'.\r\nDiana Penty follows her heart when it comes to selecting film roles. The actor is clear about one thing ?  she doesn?t want to portray similar characters. Therefore after Cocktail (2012), she took a break before signing her next, Happy Bhag Jayegi that released last year.?I can?t  choose my roles half-heartedly. It?s very important for me that the character I am playing must be of certain importance and different from my previous one.  Meera (Cocktail) is shy and demure, while Happy was loud, outspoken and wears her heart on her sleeve,? says Diana, adding that her next roles are different as well. ?In Lucknow Central, which highlights the story of a prisoner forming a music band, my character helps them reinvent and recognise their own talent. And in Parmanu I will be doing little bit of action, something that I have never done before,? she adds.     #FirstLook #Parmanu ? A post shared by Diana Penty (@dianapenty) on Jul 9, 2017 at 5:15am PDTBut as they say ?out of sight means out of mind?, so did Diana fear losing out on her audience after the break? ?Forgetting people who are not there in the limelight is human nature. It never bothered me. It?s my life and I prefer choosing my path. I don?t follow anyone else. I have my method when it comes to my work. I don?t think about who has done what, rather what I am doing is of utmost importance to me,? adds the model-turned- actor.    #FlashbackFriday #Cocktail #Movie A post shared by Diana Penty (@dianapenty) on Jun 23, 2017 at 4:42am PDTAnd if she doesn?t get offers of her choice after her fourth film, will she again take a break?  ?I don?t think that will happen now because at the moment I am getting the kind of work that makes me enthusiastic,? she says. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nSouth Africa's ODI captain AB de Villiers and his wife Danielle became parents for the second time after the birth of their son, John Richard de Villiers, on July 17. "My wife's the most amazing woman and once again showed incredible courage and strength through all of this," wrote the 33-year-old. Their first son, Abraham, was born in 2015.\r\nAB de Villiers, South Africa?s ODI skipper, has welcomed the birth of his second child, John Richard de Villiers in Johannesburg on Friday. de Villiers, who returned home after the end of the Champions Trophy in England, took to Instagram and posted, ?Now we are 4!?    Now we are 4! Praise the Lord for this amazing blessing in our lives. John Richard de Villiers was born at 11am on Monday the 17th and both Danielle and John are safe at home. My wife is the most amazing woman and once again showed incredible courage and strength through all of this. A post shared by AB de Villiers (@abdevilliers17) on Jul 20, 2017 at 9:22am PDT De Villiers married Danielle in 2013 and the couple have a two-year old son, Abraham de Villiers, who is two years old.The South African limited-overs skipper skipped the ongoing four-Test series against England as he aims to stay fully fit and guide the Proteas to a World cup title in 2019. de Villiers is expected to meet Cricket South Africa at the end of August and announce his decision on his playing future.De Villiers has not played Test cricket since the England series in January 2016. He missed subsequent tours of Australia, New Zealand and the current series in England as he aims to nurse a chronic long-term elbow injury. In the recently concluded Champions Trophy 2017, South Africa were knocked out in the league stages and the skipper managed just 20 runs in the three games. Although he had a consistent return in the three T20Is against England, South Africa lost the series 2-1.Currently, South Africa are playing four Tests in England and the series is currently tied 1-1. England won the first Test in Lord?s while South Africa bounced back with a record 340-run win in Trent Bridge. The third Test begins on July 27 at The Oval.\r\nFinance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said that the financial year may soon begin from January in sync with the calendar year. "The matter of changing financial year is under consideration of the government," he told the Lok Sabha. In May, Madhya Pradesh became India's first state to shift its financial year format to January-December from the present April-March cycle.\r\nFinancial year in India could soon be the same as calendar year as the Narendra Modi government is considering changing the fiscal year to January-December to coincide with the calendar year."The matter of changing financial year is under consideration of the government," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said in a written reply in the Lok Sabha.He was asked whether the government proposes to synchronise the financial year with the calendar year from January.The matter has been examined recently by a committee constituted by the government under the chairmanship of former Chief Economic Adviser Shankar Acharya. The report of the committee has been received, the Finance Minister said.At a Niti Aayog meeting earlier in the year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a pitch for a January-December financial calender for the country.Addressing the states during NITI Aayog governing council meeting on April 23, Modi had said, "In a country where agricultural income is exceedingly important, budgets should be prepared immediately after the receipt of agricultural incomes for the year".He had asked state governments to consider shifting financial year to January-December, in line with major global economies.Later on in May, Madhya Pradesh became India's first state to announce shifting of its financial year format to January-December from the present April-March cycle.Breaking away from tradition, the Narendra Modi government had advanced the Budget presentation to February 1 this year.Jaitley refused to comment on whether the government was proposing to present the Union Budget in November-December this year to enable the change in financial year.A change in the financial year will require amendments to various statues including tax laws during the transitional period. Also read:Narendra Modi pushes for January-December financial year: All you need to know about what PM said at Niti Aayog meetMP to shift financial year format to January-December\r\nSwiss tennis player Roger Federer, who recently won his 19th Grand Slam title at the Wimbledon, has said it would be a "joke" if he wins a third Slam this year at US Open. "I'm not 25 anymore. I'm not sure I can win three Slams...Winning two is already pretty crazy and plenty good enough for me," said the 35-year-old.\r\nRoger Federer, who recently lifted his 19th Grand Slam champion at the age of 35 by winning a record eighth Wimbledon title, has insisted that it would be a joke if he wins third slam this year at the US Open.Federer has had a sparkling 2017, having emerged victorious in five tournaments including his fifth Australian Open title in January. The current world number three, who has returned to his menacing best, also holds a great chance to grab the US?Open for the sixth time.However, Federer refuses the possibility of accomplishing the same, saying, ?That would be a joke, if I won three slams this year out of nowhere. I know if I stay in shape, there are chances for me to do well at the US Open, but to win it? Yeah, at some stage I almost feel like I have to be realistic.??I am not 25 anymore. I?m not sure I can win three slams in one year. Winning two is already pretty crazy and plenty good enough for me,? Federer told in an interview with CNN.The Swiss legend, however, said that he would try and give his best shot in the final major of the season.?I?ll definitely try and get myself organised, prepared and ready so that I?ll have the best chance to do well at the US Open,? he added.Earlier this month, Federer outclassed Marin Cilic of Croatia 6-3, 6-1, 6-4 in his 11th final at the All England Club. The victory made Federer the oldest man to win at the All England Club in the Open era, which began in 1968. With Federer?s fifth crown of the year, the Swiss also surged to No. 3 - his highest rankings position since August 2016.\r\nRape victim's biological age and not mental age will determine whether trial of the case will be held under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, the Supreme Court ruled on Friday. This came in response to a PIL filed by the mother of a 38-year-old victim suffering from Cerebral Palsy, leaving her with mental age of a six-year-old.\r\nThe biological age and not the mental age of a sexual assault victim will determine whether trial in the case will be held under the Protection of Children against Sexual Offences Act of 2012, the Supreme Court ruled on Friday.The court order came on a petition raising a question of law as to whether the POCSO Act will apply where the mental age of the victim makes her a child despite her age.The PIL was filed by the mother of a 38-year-old rape victim suffering from cerebral palsy since birth, which has left her with the mental age of a six-year-old.The court had earlier stayed criminal proceedings in the case pending in a trial court. The POCSO Act is a special legislation enacted to try people accused of sexual assault on minors and provides for establishment of special courts, in accordance with an UN Convention on Rights of the Child 1992.India is among several countries in the world where sexual abuse of minors is rampant. Activists say most of the cases go unreported as family members avoid seeking police help for the social stigma attached to such incidents.\r\nActor-filmmaker Arbaaz Khan has tweeted that Sabbir Khan, who directed the Tiger Shroff starrer 'Munna Michael', was never approached to direct or write 'Dabangg 3'. Arbaaz further wrote that Sabbir's statement to an English daily was "untrue and rubbish". Sabbir had earlier said that he was happy to be one of directors selected to work on Dabangg 3's final script.\r\nThe makers of Dabangg 3 have been looking for a director for a long time. There were reports that Prabhudheva has been approached for the film, and in fact, he has agreed to take the cop caper forward. But things took a different turn when Sabbir Khan of Baaghi fame revealed that he will direct the third instalment of the popular franchise. In an interview to Mumbai Mirror, the filmmaker claimed that he has already started working on the script. He told the daily, "Yes, I've started working on a plan for Dabangg 3 but I can't say anything until the paperwork is finalised. I am in talks and am really happy that I was one of directors selected to work on the final script." A few hours after the news went viral, producer Arbaaz Khan took to Twitter to rubbish the report. He wrote, "Sabir khan was never approached to direct or write Dabangg 3. His statement in Mumbai Mirror is untrue and rubbish. Extremely disappointing (sic)".Sabir khan was never approached to direct or write Dabangg 3. His statement in Mumbai Mirror is untrue and rubbish. Extremely disappointing According to Arbaaz, Sabbir was never approached for Dabangg 3. The Baaghi director then took a U-turn and clarified the "rumours" and confirmed that he was never approached for the film.Contrary to rumours I haven't been approached for Dabbang 3 as far as I know @PDdancing is directing and my best to @arbaazSkhan\r\nTiger Shroff and Nawazuddin Siddiqui starrer 'Munna Michael', which released on Friday, is "a film where everybody would look disinterested and jump on a chance to break into a song," wrote HT. NDTV called it "a mixed-genre monstrosity that never hits any kind of rhythm," while Koimoi wrote, "The script...lacks purpose". It was rated 1/5 (HT) and 1.5/5 (NDTV, Koimoi).\r\nMunna MichaelCast: Tiger Shroff, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Nidhhi AgerwalDirector: Sabbir KhanRating: 1/5{"@context":"http://schema.org","@type":"Review","author": {"@type":"Person","name":"Rohit Vats","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/columns/rohit-vats"},"datePublished":"2017-07-21","description":"MJ should live forever, but this isn?t the right tribute to the moonwalking King Of Pop. Here?s movie review.","inLanguage":"en","itemReviewed": {"@type":"Movie","name":"Munna Michael","image":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/rf/image_size_960x540/HT/p2/2017/07/21/Pictures/_8947c9ea-6dec-11e7-90b5-ba41537c464e.JPG","sameAs":"http://www.imdb.com/title/tt6117702/","datePublished":"2017-07-21","director": {"@type":"Person","name":"Sabbir Khan"},"actor": [{"@type": "Person","name": "Tiger Shroff","sameAs": ""},{"@type": "Person","name": "Nawazuddin Siddiqui","sameAs": ""}]},"publisher": {"@type":"Organization","name":"Hindustan Times","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/"},"reviewRating": {"@type":"Rating","worstRating":0.0,"bestRating":5,"ratingValue":"1"}}Remember Lena hai, lena hai? A hit song of the 90s from a film titled Bomb Blast. That was the last time we saw Ronit Roy dancing. Here?s the video to remind you of how it looked.He shakes a leg again in Munna Michael after almost three decades, and that makes for a promising opening. His character believes Michael (Jackson, of course) lives forever, but getting thrown out of his dancing troupe, wavers his faith in dancing as a profession. So, he takes to drinking. This is what disillusioned artists do in Bollywood. But that?s not all. He then finds an orphan in a dustbin and brings him home. Because this is also what Bollywood does.Watch: Our Facebook Live discussion on Munna Michael and Lipstick Under My BurkhaLike typical Bollywood kids, this one too grows up to become Munna (Tiger Shroff), a super dancer, in one song. His antics and need for money takes him to Delhi where he begins teaching dance steps to Mahinder Fauji (Nawazuddin Siddiqui), a land shark and a closet dancer. Their fine-tuned bromance goes for a toss the moment Dolly (Nidhhi Agerwal) enters the frame. Oh, we never saw that coming!Just joking.Now, it?s finally a film where everybody would look disinterested and jump at a chance to break into a song. Why? Because this is what Bollywood does.Some assistant must have reminded Sabbir Khan that it is 2017 and the film is looking like the glossier version of the ?80s movies. So, he brings in the idea of dance face-off and a reality show. How would you fit in Tiger Shroff otherwise? How innovative!Taking a cue from MJ?s signature moonwalking to picking a dialogue from Wong Kar-wai?s Chunking Express, Sabbir Khan keeps trying to infuse Munna with traits that can strike a balance between Delhi and Mumbai. It?s simple math. Base the film in two biggest territories because that is what Bollywood does. He isn?t done yet, but Tiger Shroff can?t bear the pressure anymore, so Sabbir Khan shifts his focus to Nawazuddin, one of the finest of our times, and makes him do one of the most bizarre roles of his lifetime.Hamming his way to Hotel Bluestar, a property he owns in Delhi, Siddiqui probably knows how it is going to look in the end. Still he tries to not seem completely clueless. His efforts go in vein though. It?s sad to see him sleepwalking in Munna Michael after a top-class performance in Mom.Khan?s vision of making Nawazudin Siddiqui acrobats doesn?t help either. You can easily figure out the body doubles. Even if you don?t, background dancers make sure you do. Their close ups are so over the top that you would wander whether they all decided together to look in a certain way?Talking of close ups, the award for most exciting close up goes to Farah Khan who judges a reality show in Munna Michael. Her enthusiasm knows no boundary and every time Tiger Shroff does a summersault, you wait for Farah?s ?oh my god? reaction.All this is happening because Dolly wants to make her father proud by becoming an accomplished dancer. By the way, we never meet her father. She announces her arrival with these lines:Hil jaande sab mere naal, jab main shake karaanFrom UK to Nainital, sab shake karaan.It may sound like a conspiracy theory, but her striking similarity with Kriti Sanon might have prompted Sabbir Khan to cast her. Sanon was the heroine of Khan?s earlier film Heropanti.Her debut isn?t impressive, but you can?t signal her out. Everyone, with special mention of Pankaj Tripathi, is equally out of touch in Munna Michael.MJ should live forever, MJ will live forever, but this isn?t the right tribute to the moonwalking King Of Pop. This forgettable 138-minute film can be better described as this one-liner somebody whispered in the dark right before the end credits: Ye sab alag hi zone me hain (They?re in a different zone).Interact with Rohit Vats at Twitter/@nawabjha\r\nThe Chinese government has banned singer Justin Bieber from performing in the country as he has "engaged in a series of bad behaviours, both in his social life and during a previous performance in China". Bieber will perform in Asia later this year, with concerts scheduled in countries like Indonesia, Japan and Singapore, as part of his Purpose World Tour.\r\n?I just need one more shot, second chances,? Justin Bieber sings on his latest album. Not least, it seems, with Chinese authorities who have announced the Canadian pop idol will not be allowed to perform in the People?s Republic because of his on and offstage antics. Bieber will jet into Asia later this year as part of his Purpose World Tour with shows scheduled in Indonesia, Japan, the Philippines, Singapore and Hong Kong. But Beliebers in mainland China look set to be disappointed. In a statement posted on its website this week, Beijing?s culture bureau explained that unspecified misdemeanours meant the artist, who has had repeated run-ins with the law - including for drunken drag racing in a yellow Lamborghini - was unsuitable for Chinese ears.?Justin Bieber is a gifted singer, but he is also a controversial young foreign singer,? said the bureau, which was answering a fan?s demand for a ?detailed explanation? about the former teen star?s absence from Chinese stages. ?As far as we are concerned, he has engaged in a series of bad behaviours, both in his social life and during a previous performance in China, which caused discontent among the public.?The bureau did not detail the exact behaviour that had landed Bieber in its bad books, saying only that in order to ?purify? China?s performing arts it had decided the singer?s exclusion was appropriate. The singer performed in China as part of his Believe tour, in 2013, raising eyebrows when he was pictured being carried up the Great Wall of China by his bodyguards. Bieber joins an illustrious list of foreign artists who have found themselves shut out of China?s potentially vast music industry, although most have been targeted for political, not behavioural reasons. In 2015 Los Angeles band Maroon 5 were forced to scrap shows in mainland China after the group?s keyboard player sent birthday wishes to the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama. In 2009 Oasis were barred after guitarist Noel Gallagher performed at a Free Tibet concert in New York.His brother Liam now appears to have been forgiven and is scheduled to play solo shows in Beijing and Shenzhen next month. Beijing?s culture bureau made it clear it was not saying never to the Canadian artist: ?We hope Justin Bieber is able to improve his conduct as he grows up and will once again find public favour.? Additional reporting by Wang Zhen\r\nActress Richa Chadha will make her debut on television as a judge on 'Queens of Comedy', a talent hunt show for female comedians. Other judges on the panel include Rohan Joshi from AIB and female stand-up comedian Kaneez Surka. The winner will get her own show on the television channel TLC India.\r\nBollywood actor Richa Chadha is all set to make her small screen debut with an upcoming comedy show. Richa Chaddha during the first Screening of Inside edge web series.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Photo by Prodip Guha/Hindustan Times)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tSources have told Hindustan Times that Richa will lead a judges? panel for a new English reality show - Queens of Comedy -  which will be aired on TLC India. Renowned comedians, Rohan Joshi from AIB and Kaneez Surka will also be part of the judges? panel.The show is a talent hunt to find India?s next big female comedian. It will be shot in August and will be telecast later this year.Richa has previously shown her excellent comic timing in Fukrey - a role for which she won several awards. She will be reprising the iconic character of Bholi Punjaban in the sequel which is set to release in December this year.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nActor Will Smith's wife Jada Pinkett Smith, while speaking about her relationship with late rapper Tupac Shakur revealed that when she first met him she was a drug dealer. "It's kinda hard because I haven't really told the whole story," she added. Further, talking about her marriage with Will, she said, "[W]e love being a family...that's what gets us through".\r\nJada Pinkett Smith recently addressed her relationship with the late Tupac Shakur when she appeared on SiriusXM?s Sway in The Morning to promote her upcoming movie Girls Trip.The 46-year-old met Shakur on her first day at Baltimore School of the Arts, and they became fast friends.?One of the things that?s very interesting that I?ve never really said before is that when I first met Pac, when we first met, I was a drug dealer,? she said as reported by CNN.The actor told host Sway that it?s ?kind of hard? because she hasn?t ?told the whole story? about her relationship with Shakur.?Pac and I?s relationship was about survival,? she said. ?That?s how it started. I know that most people want to always connect it in this romance thing and that?s just because they don?t have the story.?Pinkett Smith?s relationship with the late rapper, who was gunned down at the age of 25, has been a subject of discussion lately due to the recent release of the Shakur biopic All Eyez on Me. At the time, Pinkett Smith called the film ?deeply hurtful? in a critique of what she called a ?re-imagining of my relationship to Pac.?Pinkett Smith also suggested she would be more explicit about the details of her relationship with Tupac in a forthcoming book, though she also told Sway, ?It?s not for me to try to protect his legacy. Whatever Pac?s fate has been around his life, around his story, God?s got it.?Speaking about her marriage with Will Smith, she said, ?We love our family. And we love being a family, and that?s what gets us through.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nAkshay Kumar, who is currently babysitting his daughter Nitara while shooting 'Gold', has said his respect for wife Twinkle Khanna has increased. "I have to confess that minding a little girl is a tough job," he added. Akshay further said, "I don't know how she writes, designs, looks after our children and still manages to stay calm on most days".\r\nTaking care of a daughter and working on a film is not a cake walk. Ask actor Akshay Kumar and he will tell you how difficult it is. The 49-year-old actor, who is currently shooting for Reema Kagti's Gold in London, is also babysitting his daughter as wife Twinkle Khanna is touring Europe. And in an interview to Mumbai Mirror, the Rustom actor confessed that his respect for his wife has gone several notches higher. He told the daily, "My wife (Twinkle Khanna) is touring Europe, my son Aarav is in Oxford for a two-week study course so I'm babysitting my daughter Nitara besides shooting for a film (Reema Kagti's sports-drama Gold). And I have to confess that minding a little girl is a tough job."He added, "My admiration for Mrs Funnybones has gone up several notches after realising the magnitude of the task. I don't know how she writes, designs, looks after our children and still manages to stay calm on most days."Akshay, who is juggling between work and taking care of his daughter, revealed, "Every morning, Nitara and I have breakfast together, then, we go to this park nearby where one can feed rabbits and goats. After her day-nurse comes, I travel to London for my shoot. Post 'pack-up', I take my daughter out again. The other evening, we went to watch Cars. Half way through the film she decided that she was tired, so we had to leave and drive back. I tried explaining to her that I wanted to continue watching the movie till the end, to no avail. Bringing up a baby is tough."On the work front, Akshay is awaiting the release of Toilet Ek Prem Katha opposite Bhumi Pednekar. \r\nPunjab Director General of Police (DGP) Suresh Arora has said that the state police will increase presence on social media to tackle the hate spread online. "Police will set up own Facebook and other social media handles to nullify all such rumours. Some forces sitting in foreign countries are trying to vitiate the communal atmosphere of the state," he added.\r\nPunjab director general of police (DGP) Suresh Arora said on Thursday that the police will increase presence on social media, which is widely used by radicals to ?spread anger by spreading misinformation?. ?Police will set up own Facebook and other social media handles to nullify all such rumors. This will be a proactive approach to tackle the hate spread online,? he said while speaking to the media in Patiala.He said that ?some forces sitting in foreign countries? have nefarious design to disturb peace and harmony in Punjab. ?They are trying to vitiate the communal atmosphere of the state. However, people have suffered a decade of militancy, and are well aware.? He said that most of the terror modules busted by the police are such wherein youth were motivated using their religion. ?Most of the arrested person have no criminal background; they were misled by social media.? After visiting the Bahadugarh Commando Training Complex, Arora also took stock of security and other issues in the home town of the chief minister by interacting with officers.DGP Suresh Arora at the training centre in Bahadurgarh, Patiala, on Thursday. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Bharat Bhushan/HT)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\r\nPro-Kannada group Karnataka Rakshana Vedike (KRV) protested in front of the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) demanding the removal of all the Hindi signboards in the city. Further stating that over 70% sign boards in the state should be in Kannada, the group threatened to blacken the Hindi boards if their demands were not met.\r\nThe Karnataka Rakshana Vedike (KRV) protested in front of the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) demanding that all the signboards in the city should give prominence to Kananda.\xa0About 70 per cent of the signboards should be in Kannada. Moreover, the group has threatened to blacken the boards if their demands were not met.The group has been demanding that all boards especially in the Namma Metro remove Hindi signage.The KRV has been has been persistently attacking the state government asking them to order all Hindi boards to be removed.Praveen Shetty from KRV said that they were seeking a decision form the government saying that all boards should be in Kannada. "People come from other states and put up boards in their mother tongue. We demand that they it should be changed to Kannada. We will protest till it is implemented," he said.The Bengaluru Urban Minister KJ George while speaking to India Today said that the state government is committed towards giving Kannada the utmost respect and status, but the debate was unnecessarily about Hindi, especially when all three languages - Kannada, English and Hindi are used.George also said that if any of the protestors take law in their hands, they will be punished.Also Read:\r\nA man threw his three-year-old daughter in a canal in Haryana's Faridabad to become a 'tantrik', the police claimed. While the man claimed that his daughter went missing on July 11 and filed a kidnapping complaint, the truth was later revealed when police scanned CCTV footage of the area. The man confessed to his crime after the police confronted him.\r\nA three-year-old girl who had gone missing on July 11, was thrown into a canal by her father to become a tantrik, police have claimed. The child?s body was recovered from the canal in Faridabad the next day.The police had registered a case of kidnapping when Dheeraj Kumar of Pyali Chowk area under the Kotwali police station informed the police control room (PCR)?that his daughter had been kidnapped. Kumar told the police that he had taken his daughter to a nearby market on a scooter and later dropped her near home. He claimed that she had gone missing after this. The CCTV footage showed the man leaving with his daughter and returning alone.?We scanned CCTV footage in the area and got suspicious about him,? a police official investigating the case said. ?In the footage the girl was not with him when he returned. When we confronted him, he confessed to his crime,? the official said.He was arrested and produced in a court on Thursday which remanded him to one-day police custody. ?During questioning, Dheeraj said he wanted to get rid of his daughter Sonakshi to become a tantrik,? the police said. ?We sought his one-day police remand to know who advised him to take this step,? Ram Nath, in-charge, NIT-2 police post, said.Police said that Dheeraj Kumar (centre, sitting) confessed his crime when they quizzed him. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe girl had gone missing on July 11 and while the police were still investigating the case, a body was spotted at the canal in Sector 8. The body was brought to the BK Hospital where the family identified the child.The police, however, continued to investigate the abduction angle and scanned the CCTV footage for clues. It was in the footage that they saw Kumar taking his daughter out but returning alone. They then questioned the father who confessed that he had taken his daughter to the canal in Sector 8 and allegedly drowned her there.  \r\nA 95-year-old widow of an Indian Air Force pilot, who died in a plane crash in 1962, waited 55 years to get the due special pension. In 2004, her appeal got rejected, saying her husband had already availed the insurance benefits. A military court finally gave her the special pension, which is for widows of officers who died on duty.\r\nThe widow of an ace Air Force pilot, who died in a plane crash in service, had to wait over five decades after her husband's death to get the pension due to her, in an incident underscoring government apathy towards families of martyred soldiers.Kamla Lowe, now 95, was fighting for the special family pension, which is given to widows of officers and men who died in service while carrying out their duties. A military court finally gave her justice.Squadron Leader JM Lowe was a test pilot in the Air Force on deputation with Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) and died on June 19, 1962 in a flying accident. His widow with her four-year-old child had been fighting since then for the dues.THE INCIDENTThe accident occurred 55 years ago in Bengaluru while the pilot was test-flying the Gnat aircraft, which developed severe mechanical failure witnessed as "violent pitch oscillations" prior to delivery to the IAF."Despite the fact that the officer's widow is entitled to special family pension, the government in September 2004 rejected her appeal by giving an illogical reason that under the terms of deputation the applicant had already availed the benefits of insurance," Lowe's counsel Wing Commander Ajay Bhalla told Mail Today.Kamla Lowe also had to wait nine years for getting the ordinary pension and had to suffer a lot because of the lack of it, her husband's case revealed.The lady had also been fruitlessly writing letters to various authorities concerned to get her dues from the government.The government countered her by saying that she could not be given the special pension as her husband had opted for an insurance scheme before his death and also opposed the plea in the Armed Forces Tribunal, saying that she had come for justice after 55 years and her plea should dismissed on the basis of delay in approaching the court.The government also told the court that finding papers of the family pension granted to the widow of the officer and documents related to his deputation to HAL also could not be found as the matter was very old."Pained" by the sufferings of the IAF officer's widow, the tribunal bench headed by Chairperson Justice Virendra Singh said, "Apart from the awful trauma of losing her husband, and having to bring up her four-year-old child, all alone, we observe that for almost nine years this widow was not even granted the basic right of ordinary family pension." The chairperson in his order said the terms and conditions of that insurance (opted for by the martyred pilot) "are not before us"."However, it would be pertinent to mention that no insurance scheme can take away the right of pension of a serviceman, and therefore, consequently the widow," he said.The court said the government has to deal fairly with its workforce as "employees cannot be asked to sign undertakings contrary to law."Ruling in favour of the elderly lady, the court said, "We find no impediment in the applicant being granted Special Family Pension as prayed for. Her plea is allowed and the impugned order rejecting the claim of the applicant for Special Family Pension is hereby set aside."ARREARS\r\nA group of locals and Kanwarias allegedly set on fire a motorcycle owned by an unidentified man after it hit their Kanwar procession in Gurugram's Sohna on Thursday. The Kanwarias alleged that three youths on a bike intentionally hit them and escaped soon after. The police, however, maintained that it was a minor accident and are probing the matter. \r\nAngry locals and Kanwarias allegedly set on fire a motorcycle owned by unidentified men, after it hit their Dak Mahakanwar at Sohna town on Thursday afternoon.Dak Kanwar is a procession, wherein devotees collect water from the Ganges and carry it to their local shiva shrines. The objects in which the water is being carried have to keep moving until it reaches the destination, according to the beliefs.The Kanwarias alleged that three youths allegedly hit them with an intention to create trouble and escaped soon after the incident. Although the police maintained that it was a minor accident, they said that however, they are probing the matter to know the antecedents of the youths on the bike and also if there was any other angle to the matter. A case against unidentified persons might be filed for setting the bike on fire, police said. The incident happened when a procession comprising 16 men from Tauru town in Mewat reached the Tikona Park, where the locals alleged that three youths on a bike hit the Kanwarias with a stick and also punched them.?Three or four Kanwarias were injured, but they tried to protect the Dak Mahakanwar. In the melee, the miscreants escaped. Pilgrims and locals tried to chase them. The motorcycle fell at Agarsen Chowk, but the youths managed to escape,? said Anil Mendiratta, a Tauru resident, who has beeing undertaking the procession from Tauru for several years.Kanwarias often get agitated when their way is blocked and it often leads to skirmishes.Tauru resident Gaurav Gauba, who was pushing the Kanwar, said that unidentified youths on bike tried to force their way among the Kanwarias, and one among them punched him. On this, his associate Manoj pushed the bikers. The bikers fled when the people tried to attack them. Soon after the incident, the locals and the pilgrims congregated and shouted slogans against the administration for failing to protect their procession from interruptions and taking action against the interruptors. As per information, the Mahadak Kanwar had left Haridwar on July 16 and was scheduled to reach Tauru on Thursday. The Kanwar entered Sohna town from Chungi No 1 around 1 pm and it took almost an hour to pass through the main Sohna Bazaar as people paid their obeisance. Meanwhile, the police said that as soon as they received the message on the skirmish, they rushed to the spot and managed to pacify the crowd.?Prima facie, it appears to be a minor accident. But we are probing the matter from all angles. Security is being provided to all the Kanwars passing through the town and the situation is under control,? said Brahm Singh, assistant commissioner of police, Sohna. \r\nFollowing the alleged suicide of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington, posts from his wife Talinda Bennington's verified Twitter account, which was reportedly hacked, claimed she had been cheating on her husband with his bandmate Mike Shinoda. One of the tweets read, "He didn't kill himself, he was already (dead)...I have proof". The series of tweets have now been deleted.\r\nHours after Linkin Park lead vocalist Chester Bennington was reportedly found hanging in his Los Angeles home, posts from his wife Talinda?s Twitter account claimed she had been cheating on her husband with his bandmate Mike Shinoda. However, the tweets were soon deleted, leading to speculation that the account had been hacked.The series of tweets were made from Talinda?s verified Twitter account.?I guess this is the time to say it but I have been cheating on Chester with Mike Shinoda,? the tweet read.The 41-year-old reportedly hanged himself at his Palos Verdes residence on Thursday.Another tweet from Talinda?s account stated, ?He didn?t kill himself, he was already did before he hung himself, I have proof...(sic)?The last tweet said the account was ?not hacked?. ?I never really loved him and I?m not hacked I just was in love with the money hurts to say (sic),? the post read.Bennington?s fans however questioned the authenticity of the now-deleted tweets, attributing it to hackers. In 2006, the cell phone, email and PayPal accounts of the couple were hacked by cyber stalkers.The couple  often faced trouble from neurotic fans in the past. There were reports of strange messages, fans playing Linkin Park songs outside their house at 3 am and nailing lyrics to their front door.In 2008, a woman was jailed for two years for stalking Bennington and Talinda. Bennington married Talinda, a former Playboy model, on December 31, 2005. They have three children -- Tyler Lee Bennington and twins Lilly and Lila.He was previously married to Samantha Marie Olit and got divorced in 2005. They have one child together, Draven Sebastian Bennington. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nSaif Ali Khan, in an open letter, said he called Kangana Ranaut and apologised personally for taking a dig at her during the 'nepotism rocks' act at IIFA 2017. "I don't owe anybody else an explanation. The issue is over," he added. Talking about nepotism, Saif further wrote, "It's the audience that makes a film a hit, not... family members".\r\nIn an open letter published Friday, Saif Ali Khan, in response to the backlash he faced after jokingly taking a dig at Kangana Ranaut, wrote that he had ?apologised? to her, and he doesn?t ?owe anybody else an explanation. The issue is over.?Bollywood actor Saif Ali Khan (R) and director/producer Karan Johar perform on stage during the IIFA Awards of the 18th International Indian Film Academy (IIFA) Festival at the MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tIn the letter, published on DNA, Saif goes on to say that the comments he made on nepotism with Karan Johar and Varan Dhawan were a joke. ?It?s not something that I wrote or something I believe in. It was a joke on ourselves, between Varun (Dhawan), Karan (Johar) and me. It was not supposed to be a big deal, but I realised at some point, that it might have offended Kangana (Ranaut). I called her and apologised personally. That should be the end of it. Everybody needs to take a chill pill and back off,? he wrote.But he is aware of the controversy his comments stirred up. Nepotism has always been a hot topic in Bollywood, and when three industry bigwigs yelled ?nepotism rocks? in front of thousands of fans at the 2017 IIFA Awards, they were slammed in the press. Saif wrote about the negative stories published about the issue. ?What I can?t seem to understand are some of the media reactions to this. While most people have been sensible, three reporters from the websites BollywoodLife, The Quint and Elle India, made a point of saying that all I did was use big words like eugenics and genetics,? he wrote, referring to a comment he made about how it is possible that members of the Kapoor family join the film business because it is in their genes.Actors Varun Dhawan, Saif Ali Khan and filmmaker Karan Johar during the press conference of 18th International Indian Film Academy (IIFA) awards in Mumbai.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tHe then proceeded to attack the journalist who wrote the article in Elle. ?As for the girl from Elle: I?m sorry you found words like eugenics in a conversation about nepotism misplaced. Perhaps if you got your head out of the hemline of the actress of the month and read a book, your vocabulary might improve.?The ?flagbearer of nepotism,? he said, making a reference to the words Kangana used to describe Karan Johar on an episode of his talk show on which Saif was present, ?is the media.??Nepotism is probably least prevalent in the movie industry and rampant in politics and business,? he wrote, speculating that perhaps what Kangana means when she accuses the industry of nepotism, ?is that people from Dharma or Yashraj are against people like her, who have come up the hard way without their support and that they only support their own people.??Whether that is true or not I have no idea and it?s none of my business,?  he conceded.?Nepotism cannot work in the film industry because it is a democracy. The film industry is the most fair line of work. So yes, maybe I got a chance because of my mother, but that is more genetics than nepotism. It?s a genetic investment that the producer was making,? he wrote.Saif also said that ?for every star kid, there are many guys and girls from total non-filmi backgrounds. Take Shah Rukh Khan, Sridevi, Madhuri Dixit-Nene, Jackie Shroff.??It?s the audience that makes a film a hit,? he wrote, and ?not the family members.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nDirector Christopher Nolan's film Dunkirk which released on Friday, "is one of the greatest war movies ever made," wrote Hindustan Times. The Guardian wrote, "It's a visceral piece of film-making," while Times of India called it "the first real contender for Best Picture" at Oscars. The film has been rated 5/5 (Hindustan Times, The Guardian) and 4.5/5 (Times Of India).\r\nDunkirkDirector - Christopher NolanCast - Tom Hardy, Fionn Whitehead, Mark Rylance, Harry Styles, Cillian Murphy, Kenneth BranaghRating - 5/5The moments spent in anticipation immediately before a new Christopher Nolan movie are often just as nerve-wracking as those spent watching the film.{"@context":"http://schema.org","@type":"Review","author": {"@type":"Person","name":"Rohan Naahar","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/columns/rohan-naahar"},"datePublished":"2017-07-20","description":"Dunkirk movie review: Christopher Nolan?s war movie is an unrelenting, unstoppable force of nature, an existential masterpiece powered by a terrific Hans Zimmer score. Rating: 5 stars.","inLanguage":"en","itemReviewed": {"@type":"Movie","name":"Dunkirk","image":"http://i.imgur.com/reuvLlp.jpg","sameAs":"http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5013056/","datePublished":"2017-07-20","director": {"@type":"Person","name":"Christopher Nolan"},"actor": [{"@type": "Person","name": "Tom Hardy","sameAs": ""},{"@type": "Person","name": "Harry Styles","sameAs": ""}]},"publisher": {"@type":"Organization","name":"Hindustan Times","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/"},"reviewRating": {"@type":"Rating","worstRating":0.0,"bestRating":5,"ratingValue":"5"}}An irresistible energy buzzes through your body as you collapse into your grimy seat ? a hypnotic mix of nervousness, fear, paranoia, and careful optimism.This is a pilgrimage, after all. To some, Nolan is a god, and his temple?s walls, dark and foreboding, seem to push in as the lights go down. Your senses, usually dulled by a mundane existence, are heightened. You?ve never experienced anything like it.The crowd?s hushed tones hit you in waves, and even the most distant whisper is deafening ? but it reassures as much as it startles. There are others like you. And like you, they?ve waited years for this moment. You are not alone. And the electricity you?ve created ? together ? in the cavernous place of worship, could power a small town.I have experienced this sensation on four occasions, before four Christopher Nolan films, and each of those experiences were, and remain to this day, some of the most special I?ve had inside a movie theatre.And yesterday, it happened again.Dunkirk, a film about men, created by men, is a force of nature ? an elemental beast of a movie about finding the meaning of life surrounded by the meaninglessness of war. It is an existential masterpiece set across three parallel plots destined to collide, which in turn are set on three planes of existence ? earth, air, and water. To us, these elements symbolise life, but in Dunkirk, they might as well be harbingers of death, having suspended our characters in their purgatory as they await judgment.On the land, in the seaside French town of Dunkirk, 400,000 soldiers have been pushed by ?the enemy? ? curiously, not once are the Nazis mentioned ? towards the sea. They wait, bombarded from behind, and up above, for deliverance. Before them lies a seemingly endless expanse of blue ? and home, England, is practically within sight, across the choppy waters of the Channel. They go from boat to boat ? some even conning their way onto the rickety barges ? desperate to get off the cursed beach, as torpedoes attack them from below, and missiles rain like hellfire from the sky.They?re in need of a miracle.But help is on its way. Tom Hardy protects them from above, acting, like he did in The Dark Knight Rises, through a mask, and only with his eyes. And his eyes are all he needs to convey the (sometimes scarily suicidal) determination to save his countrymen, as he picks off one Luftwaffe fighter after another ? even as his wingmen perish, and his fuel gauge begs him to stop.Below him, on the water, a civilian Mark Rylance has commandeered a boat, one of the many deployed by the Navy in an effort to aid the evacuation process. With his teenage son, and his son?s eager friend in tow ? but without a firm plan ? he sails into war.And with the precision of a watchmaker ? time is an oft-repeated motif in the film ? Nolan, a master working at the peak of his powers, puts the pieces of this jigsaw together with some of his most effortless editing since Inception. And like Inception, as layer after layer of Dunkirk?s nesting doll structure is uncovered, and when the three stories finally converge after almost two hours of merciless tension, the emotional release is pure ecstasy.Often, in order to build this tension, the experimental work of genius that it is, Dunkirk spends long stretches in silence. DP Hoyte van Hoytema?s IMAX camera, taking a break from soaring across the skies, wrestling for space among thousands of men, and gazing placidly at the sheer beauty of it all, brings the actors? faces inches from its own. And these fine performers ? mostly young stars (Harry Styles included) ? convey wordlessly the torment raging in their characters? minds.But because of these periods of silence, and because of Nolan?s refusal to rely on words (or, for that matter, a traditional structure) to tell his story, Hans Zimmer?s terrific score becomes crucial, and slowly, emerges as a character in its own right. Like the film, it is unrelentingly intense, stretched to breaking point as it conjures tension seemingly from nothing.And such is Nolan?s power at commanding the attention of his audience, that you find yourself overlooking basic flaws. There isn?t a single character in this film that is properly fleshed out, and it fails miserably at the Bechdel Test. But never have these glaring missteps mattered less.Do you remember what Bruce Wayne said at the end of The Dark Knight Rises? Moments before flying into certain death, he looked at Commissioner Gordon, and growled, ?A hero can be anyone.?And this is the sentiment that Nolan has carried into Dunkirk. These characters aren?t meant to have elaborate backstories or complicated motivations. They?re meant to represent an ideal. They?re meant to embody our bravery and our empathy and our kindness.A hero can be anyone, from a middle-aged sailor who just wants to teach his son to do the right thing, to a decorated commander who refuses to leave until every last man who serves under him ? or even if he doesn?t ? has been saved.Dunkirk is one of the greatest war movies ever made ? it?s certainly the tightest, most unwaveringly propulsive film of Christopher Nolan?s career. But it?s also as meditative as The Thin Red Line, as brutal as Saving Private Ryan, and sometimes, even as surreal as Apocalypse Now.It deserves to be seen big and loud.Watch the Dunkirk trailer hereFollow @htshowbiz for moreThe author tweets @RohanNaahar\r\nDelhi High Court gave the Home Ministry six weeks to comply with the 2014 judgment, in which the court found BJP and Congress defying the norms of the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act. The Act prohibits political parties or legislator from accepting foreign contributions. In 2014, the court had directed the ministry and Election Commission to take action within six months.\r\nagainst parties New Delhi, Jul 20 (PTI) The Delhi High Court today granted six weeks to the Centre to comply with its 2014 order directing action against political parties violating foreign funding norms. Justice A K Chawla observed that the six months granted in the March 28, 2014 order has not been extended by it and, therefore there was no reason for the government to not comply with it. The court fixed the matter for further hearing on December 5. The lawyer appearing for the Centre submitted that more time was required for compliance as the record was voluminous. The court had on March 21 this year issued notice to the Centre on a contempt plea alleging the government took no action against political parties violating foreign funding norms despite the court order. It had sought response on whether action would be taken against them under the relevant law. The high court had on March 28, 2014 held that the BJP and the Congress had prima facie violated the foreign funding law by receiving donations from UK-based Vedanta Resources subsidiaries and directed the Centre and the Election Commission of India (ECI) to take appropriate action against them within six months. \r\nA painting which went missing from Air India's archives, was recently delivered to the airline's head office via post. The package did not mention the sender's name and had the painting made by Jatin Das for Air India, in a rolled up and damaged condition. The address registered by the sender was found to be a fake one in Gurugram. \r\nOn July 5th, India Today had reported that a painting, 'Flying Apsara', made by eminent painter Jatin Das for Air India in 1991 had gone missing from the airline's archives. Das had stumbled upon information that the painting made exclusively for the national carrier, had reached the open market.The "missing" painting now has miraculously resurfaced.A mysterious package arrived at Air India's head office, Airlines House, in New Delhi a week after Das raised a stink about the missing painting.This unnamed package contained the same said painting that Das had made for Air India. It was rolled up and delivered in a damaged condition.Air India immediately tried to trace back the sender. The courier, unfortunately, had been sent from an address in Gurugram that turned out to be fictitious.After India Today had highlighted the art loot, that appeared to be a larger malaise than the case of one missing painting, Air India had set up an internal enquiry committee to look into the matter.The committee has learnt that the painting was last seen in the office of a former executive director who worked out of the Delhi office of the airline a decade ago. It appeared, the lady in question, had left with Das' painting, post retirement.This former executive director has now been questioned about the painting. The internal committee will submit its complete report to the CMD of Air India in a week's time.This latest discovery only reaffirms what has been known within the airline's circles for a while - that retiring executives/officials have left with many a precious paintings and artefacts from the airline's collection after retirement, without informing.Air India says it has started a process of detailed audit of its collection, which will include "physical verification, digitisation, cataloguing, classification, proper storage, and putting in place a security system".When India Today contacted Jatin Das, he said he was yet to hear from Air India about 'Flying Apsara' and his other paintings too that he's sought details on.\r\nThe Gujarat government has decided to celebrate the 'World Heritage City' status granted to Ahmedabad by UNESCO for a fortnight. The programme, starting on August 1, will include heritage walks, cultural events, lectures and seminars about the 600-year-old city. Further, all flights to Gujarat will serve Gujarati cuisine to passengers during the 2-week-long celebration.\r\nThe BJP-led Gujarat government is going all out to celebrate the world heritage city status accorded to Ahmedabad by UNESCO earlier this month with an eye on assembly elections later this year. The fortnight-long celebrations will start from August 1, aiming to give a boost to the city?s image through people?s participation. As part of the gala event, the state government in association with central ministries has chalked out elaborate programmes for a two-week-long festival, which includes heritage walk, cultural events, lectures and seminars to showcase the over 600-year-old city founded by emperor Ahmed Shah. During the fortnight, all flights bound for the state will serve a variety of Gujarati cuisines to passengers. ?The idea is to involve people from all walks of life in the celebrations that will be organised across the city. It is a big boost for the city to be given the world heritage status,? said a state government official. The elaborate programmes also aimed at highlighting the heritage-tag for the Ahmedabad as a major success story of the BJP government in the state. The celebrations will coincide with Prime Minister Narendra Modi?s visit to his home  state on August 12 to inaugurate the Sardar Sarovar dam on the Narmada. Chief ministers of 12 states ruled by BJP and its allies are expected to attend the event.Ahmedabad is the first Indian city to get the coveted heritage status. Earlier Delhi and Mumbai had also tried to get the tag but failed to make the cut. Gujarat had sent its proposal to UNESCO way back in 2010 when Modi was the CM of the state.A detailed presentation on how the city plans to celebrate the ?world heritage city? status was made by Ahmedabad municipal commissioner at then housing and urban affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu?s residence on Monday. This was the last assignment of Naidu before he demitted office after being named the NDA?s vice president candidate.Also present in the meeting were Union textiles minister Smriti Irani and civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapati Raju. Secretaries of six central ministries, including culture, housing and urban affairs, civil aviation were also in attendance.Besides thematic cultural programmes at historical monuments such as the Bhadra fort, a festival of Gujarati classical films, heritage sadhbhavna yatra, cultural programme at the river front, laser and fire cracker show have also been lined up. The fortnight-long event will also see the launch of a hop-on-hop-off heritage bus tour and special merchandize and souvenirs, depicting various facets of the heritage city.\r\nA 37-year-old patient played the guitar while undergoing a seven-hour brain surgery at a private hospital in Bengaluru. The patient was suffering from Musician's Dystonia, a neurological muscle disorder causing involuntary muscle contractions. He played the guitar to help doctors target the problem area, as he suffered from the condition only while playing the guitar. \r\nBengaluru, Jul 20 (PTI) A musician played the guitar on the operation table as he underwent a surgery at a private hospital here for a rare movement disorder affecting guitarists. The successful brain circuit surgery, believed to be the first such operation in the country, was performed on July 11 by a team of doctors from Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain Hospital on 37-year-old Abishek Prasad, who has a passion for the guitar, to rid him of the neurological disorder guitarist dystonia that had crippled his fingers. During the entire surgery, the patient was fully\xa0awake and was playing the guitar as the problem only occurred\xa0when he tried playing guitar. So the feedback from the\xa0patient was important to get the exact location of the target, doctors told reporters here today. Expressing joy over the successful procedure, Prasad, a native of Bihar, said even the doctor did not expect 100 per cent result. "It was a great feeling for both me and\xa0the doctor. It was 100 per cent result on the operation table\xa0itself. Im very excited, finally now I can live my dream, can play my guitar again after one month of recovery... "Now my fingers are completely listening to me,\xa0earlier my fingers were erect and changing from one chord to\xa0other was difficult," he added. Prasad had developed the problem\xa0with his left hand fingers resulting in difficulty to move his\xa0little finger, and the trouble grew gradually into disability\xa0because of which he had to abandon playing guitar. After consulting various specialists, Prasad\xa0was referred to the doctors at the BMJ hospital here. Calling it a rare disorder, neurologist\xa0Dr Sanjiv C C who specialises in movement disorders, said it\xa0occurs to one per cent among professional musicians. "If the medical management that included Botulinum\xa0toxin and drugs fails, then surgery is the next option," he\xa0said. \r\nCareem, an app-based taxi service in Pakistan, on Wednesday offered passengers a chance to share their ride with a "rishta aunty" or marriage matchmaker. Careem said, "people can tell the aunty their preferences and the aunty will later get in touch with them with a suitable rishta." It earlier launched "Careem Doctor," offering to bring medical professionals to users' doorsteps. \r\nA Pakistan app-based taxi service has launched an unusual add on, offering passengers the chance to share their ride with a marriage matchmaker.Users in Pakistan woke on Wednesday to an unexpected notification from Careem -- an Uber-like taxi hailing app popular in Muslim countries: Have a ?rishta aunty? accompany you during your ride.Rishta aunties, as marriage matchmakers are known in South Asia, keep detailed records of eligible men and women -- from education level and salary, to height, weight and skin tone -- and will set you up with your future spouse, for a fee.Usually portrayed in popular culture as bespectacled women with a clipboard of names and an ancient Nokia mobile, the aunties have had an update thanks to Careem. The ?rishta? service -- which has only been rolled out for two days in two cities in Pakistan -- quickly had the country?s vocal Twitterati on overdrive.?Careem is the halal Tinder now, except that there?s a rishta aunty who?ll do the swiping for you,? joked Twitter user CrazeeGentleman.Careem is the halal Tinder now, except that there's a rishta aunty who'll do the swiping for you#CareemPk #Tinder #Careem #RishtaAunty #WTF pic.twitter.com/a5eq7M17IT? Faraz Ahmed (@CrazeeGentleman) July 19, 2017But many were speculating that it was just a marketing ploy by the taxi app service.?Driving with rishta aunty a success for @CareemPAK already, it?s 11:33 AM and half the marketers in my list are talking about it,? wrote Amnaa Tariq on Twitter.Driving with Rishta Aunty is a success for @CareemPAK already, it's 11:33 AM and half the marketers in my list are taking about it #Pakistan? Amna Tariq (@Amnaa_tariq) July 19, 2017Careem Pakistan was quick to defend the move as a legitimate service.?We?d noticed that rishtas are a popular topic of discussion among our more senior users. So we?ve launched this service in order to help the younger people find a right match,? said Careem Pakistan?s head of public affairs Sibtain Naqvi, according to local media.?During the ride people can tell the aunty their preferences and the Aunty will later get in touch with them with a suitable rishta (relationship),? Naqvi added.It?s not the first time that the taxi app has sought to diversify. In January the firm rolled out ?Careem Doctor?, offering to bring a medical professional to your doorstep.Here are some more reactions from Twitter:all i wanted was a Rickshaw... @CareemPAK pic.twitter.com/XrZBGyBjtT? Qasim Farooq (@JihadiOnline) July 19, 2017Me : 1 paper main fail hogai hoon.Ami : pic.twitter.com/mXCH99y2B3? omgh. (@Mahnoorizhere) July 19, 2017After 15 yearsKids: 'mama Papa app ke love marriage thee ya arranged?'Parents: 'betaa #CareemMarriage'#careem #rishtaaunty #halalmarriage? Aiman (@aimans_3) July 19, 2017Careem has lost their mind as much as I have lost hope from this world. This was actually creepy.#Careem #Karachi #Rishta #Taxi #morning pic.twitter.com/gh30uMPpyZ? Azkure (@CheeeeeseFries) July 19, 2017when you wake up to " your Rishta has arrived" from careem. pic.twitter.com/WPLJIxDDxY? Adi (@Desi_nigaa) July 19, 2017\r\nNisheeth Jha, husband of 'Jagga Jasoos' actress Bidisha Bezbaruah who allegedly committed suicide earlier this week, has been sent to 14 days in judicial custody. This comes after his arrest on charges of abetment of suicide, after Bidisha's father accused him of having an extra-marital affair. The police said that Jha admitted to being in a relationship with another woman. \r\nNisheeth Jha, the husband of Assamese actor Bidisha Bezbaruah who allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from a ceiling fan, was on Thursday sent to 14 days in judicial custody. Before a magistrate remanded him in judicial custody, Jha admitted to his interrogators that there was another woman in his life, police said.During a day-long police remand, Jha confessed that this strained his relations with Bidisha. ?We are searching call details, Facebook, WhatsApp, and Twitter accounts of Jha to ascertain the reasons behind the victim?s extreme step,? a senior police officer said.Jha was arrested on Tuesday night on charges of abetment to suicide after Bidisha?s father, Aswini Kumar Bezbaruah, accused him of having an extra-marital affair. Bidisha?s body was found hanging on Monday evening in a flat at Sushant Apartments in Sector 43 of Gurugram. Police said Jha was out of Gurugram when she killed herself. The couple earlier had an argument over Jha?s relationship with the other woman.According to Assistant Commissioner of Police Harinder Singh, Bidisha had moved into the rented flat at Sushant Apartments on Sunday.Her body was discovered by a property dealer who along with some neighbours broke into her flat after Jha contacted him saying she was not responding to his phone calls, police said. No suicide note was found at the site.Bidisha had moved to Gurugram last week with Jha and joined an Udyog Vihar-based public relations agency here. Jha hails from Vadodara in Gujarat and works in a private company.The couple got married on April 28 last year.  Police said Bidisha had made an appearance in recently-released Bollywood movie Jagga Jasoos in a dance sequence. She was well known in the Assamese TV industry where she acted in a number of serials and was also a playback singer.\r\nIn addition to four BJP MLAs, two AAP MLAs from the 70-member Delhi Vidhan Sabha also voted for the NDA backed presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind, who won the polls on Thursday. Prior to the polls, AAP had announced support to the opposition's candidate Meira Kumar. The two MLAs who cross-voted are suspected to be among the few suspended legislators.\r\nBesides four Bharatiya Janata Party legislators, there were two more in the 70-member Delhi Vidhan Sabha who voted for Ramnath Kovind, the NDA-backed presidential candidate who emerged the winner  on Thursday.The ruling Aam Aadmi Party (AAP)?suspects the two MLAs who cross voted could be among  the five suspended party legislators. Former water minister Kapil Mishra, who was suspended from the party in March for making corruption allegations against Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal, told Hindustan Times that he voted for the ?winning candidate?. ?It is obvious that one would vote for the winning candidate. I am glad that my vote got counted in the final result,? Mishra said on Thursday.  Ahead of the polls, the AAP had announced its support to the opposition?s candidate Meira Kumar. Of the total 69 MLAs of Delhi, 67 -- 63 AAP, 4 BJP -- voted in the presidential polls on Monday. AAP had 67 MLAs initially. However, its strength reduced to 65?after one of its MLA,?Ved Prakash from Bawana joined the BJP?in March just before the municipal elections. The AAP lost the Rajouri Garden seat to BJP?s Manjinder Singh in the byelection.    Despite the four votes from the BJP that went to Kovind, the former governor of Bihar who won with a landslide victory in the Presidential elections on Thursday, got a total of six votes --- which means that two AAP MLAs had cross-voted. Opposition?s candidate Meira Kumar, on the other hand, got 55 votes. Six votes were found invalid. The AAP, however, reacted to the voting pattern on positively and blamed the suspended MLAs for cross-voting. ?While we know for sure Kapil Mishra voted for Kovind, the other one must be some suspended MLA only,? said Saurabh Bhardwaj, AAP spokesperson and MLA from Greater Kailash. Bhardwaj was among the two MLAs who did not vote in the elections as he was out of town. Another MLA Devinder Sehrawat had stayed away from voting. ?It is in fact a proud moment for us that despite there being no whip, our MLAs voluntarily supported Ms Kumar and opposed those who propagate fundamentalism,? Bhardwaj said.Leader of the opposition in Delhi assembly Vijender Gupta said the election result indicates that dissent is simmering in AAP. ?Arvind Kejriwal is unable to keep his flock intact. He had to change his stand. In the beginning, the party had earlier announced to support Meira Kumar but Kejriwal later urged his legislators to vote according to their ?conscience?. What does it mean? He was sure that AAP MLAs could cross-vote. This shows clear insecurity in their leadership,? said the BJP leader.Gupta further added that victory of Kovind is a victory of India?s flourishing democracy. ?His victory has further strengthened our democratic system. I am confident under Kovind?s presidentship, the nation will march on road to progress with greater confidence and faith,? he said. \r\nBSF will be supplied with capsicum-based teargas in spray can and shell forms to quell the mob in deteriorating law and order situation anywhere in the country. The bio-friendly, non-lethal ammunition is being introduced after security forces in Kashmir didn't find Pelargonic Acid Vanillyl Amide shells very effective. About 50,000 shells will be produced initially, followed by need-based orders.\r\nAfter trying out PAVA shells, security forces have now turned to capsicum gel-based teargas to quell mobs in the Kashmir valley and other places.A senior BSF official said the new teargas will be ready for use by security forces in spray can and shell forms, as early as next month.The non-lethal munition can be used by security forces at any location in the country where there is a law and order problem but the largest inventory of the product is expected to be shipped to the Valley owing to the number of public protests and incidents of stone pelting, the official said.The shells will be produced by the Tekanpur (Madhya Pradesh)-based Tear Smoke Unit (TSU) of the Border Security Force.Last year, the TSU had launched the PAVA teargas munitions which, the BSF said, was ?effectively? used by various police and security forces.However, sources in the security establishment had said the personnel on ground in Kashmir had given feedback that PAVA (Pelargonic Acid Vanillyl Amide) was not an effective replacement for the controversial pellet guns and hence some other non-lethal ammunition should be provided to them to counter stone pelters and protestors.The new bio-friendly oleoresin capsicum-based teargas shells will be produced in collaboration with the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO).The official said the chilli ingredient for these new munitions will be sourced from the jungles of the northeast and Andhra Pradesh and have two variants.?One will be a teargas shell and the other spray can. The ultimate product will be helpful for police and security forces to combat both close-quarter and distant targets,? the official said.In the first go, about 50,000 shells will be produced by the TSU which will be followed by subsequent need-based orders from the forces.An annual general body meeting of the TSU was also held under the chairmanship of BSF Director General  K K Sharma at the forces? headquarters here today.?The governing body also reviewed the progress of automation and production management of the TSU,? a BSF statement later said.PAVA was introduced last year by the Union home ministry after scores of protesters were blinded by the use of pellet guns in the Kashmir valley.The pellet guns have not been discarded and are now used sparingly by the forces there. \r\nBJP General Secretary Bhupender Yadav said there were 116 people who had not openly pledged their support for NDA Presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind but voted for him. Cross-voting was reported in West Bengal where the Trinamool Congress is in power, and in UP, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, and Goa. Kovind secured 2,930 votes as against 1,844 by Opposition's candidate.\r\nMore than 100 legislators across the country cross-voted in favour of the BJP-led NDA nominee, Ram Nath Kovind, in the July 17 presidential election.Cross-voting by MLAs was reported in West Bengal, where the Trinamool Congress is in power, and in BJP-ruled Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Goa.At the end of the vote count on Thursday, Kovind secured 2,930 votes with the total value of 702,044 as against 1,844 by opposition candidate Meira Kumar in the absence of a whip by any political party.Kovind?s overall vote value was 661 more than the assured value of 701,382, comprising lawmakers from the NDA and some opposition parties. In contrast, Kumar?s total vote value stood at 367,314.?The Congress candidate had asked MPs and MLAs to vote on the basis of antaraatma ki awaz (inner conscience). There are 116 people who had not openly pledged their support to Kovind but voted for him. We thank each and everyone for their support and those who listened to their antaraatma ki awaz,? said Bhupendra Yadav, a BJP general secretary and Kovind?s campaign manager.The total combined value of votes in the presidential election is 1098,903 ? 549,408 for 543 Lok Sabha and 233 Rajya Sabha parliamentarians, and 549,495 for 4,120 legislators in state assemblies.Large-scale cross-voting exposed the vulnerability of the opposition camp, especially Congress legislators favouring Kovind in poll-bound Gujarat. As many as 11 Congress MLAs voted for the NDA candidate.It exposed chinks in the opposition party facing rebellion by senior leader Shankarsinh Vaghela.Besides, three Rajya Sabha seats in the home state of Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be vacant in August and the Congress expects to win one, provided it can keep its flock together. The BJP is comfortably placed on the other two seats.?We will thoroughly look into the matter once the final results come from states and take appropriate action. However, Kumar got more votes than expected in many states such as Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh, Sikkim and Nagaland. The important aspect is that the opposition parties stood united and will remain so in future as well,? Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said.Rajasthan brought some cheer for the Congress as Kumar secured half-a-dozen more votes than expected. While the Congress has 24 MLAs and got the support of two BSP legislators and two independents, Kumar secured 34 votes.It was, however, not clear whether any of the surplus votes came from the BJP, which has 161 MLAs. Kovind got the support of 166 and it?s likely that the additional votes for Kumar might have come from smaller parties.In Uttar Pradesh, Kumar was expected to get the vote of 74 legislators from the Congress, Bahujan Samaj Party, Samajwadi Party (SP) and the Rashtriya Lok Dal. However, she got 65, indicating cracks in the opposition camp, especially the SP.About a dozen legislators from the opposition camp in Maharashtra voted for Kovind. The BJP, the Shiv Sena and some smaller parties that assured their support to the NDA candidate constituted 195 MLAs, but Kovind ended up with 208 votes.The opposition camp comprising 42 MLAs of the Congress and 41 of the Nationalist Congress Party had the support of nine MLAs from the AIMIM, SP and other parties. But Kumar got only 77 votes.The BJP that has made strong forays in West Bengal secured the support of at least five MLAs from the opposition camp. The BJP and its ally, the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha, have three MLAs each. Kovind secured 11 votes.In Tamil Nadu, both factions of the AIADMK voted for the NDA?s presidential candidate. It was one of the few states such as Bihar, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Karnataka and Uttarakhand that didn?t witness any cross-voting.In Madhya Pradesh, Kumar got the support of 57 MLAs. The Congress has 56 MLAs in the state and Kumar had the assured support of four BSP MLAs and three Independents.Of the 776 members in Parliament, eight did not vote. The votes of 21 were declared invalid.\r\nAs the Supreme Court (SC) was hearing a petition against mob lynching in the name of cow protection on Friday, the Centre told the SC that it does not support any kind of vigilantism. It added that the law and order is a state issue and the Central government does not have any role in it.\r\nThe Narendra Modi government today told the Supreme Court that it does not back any kind of vigilantism during hearing on a petition against mob lynching in the name of cow protection.The Centre told the court that law and order is a state subject and it was their responsibility to take action in such cases."Law and order is a state subject and Central government does not have any role into it. However, Union of India is of the view that no vigilante group has any space in the country as per procedures of law. It does not support any kind of vigilantism by private persons," Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar told the court FROM INDIA TODAY MAGAZINE: Beef, ban and bloodshedThe apex court had earlier issued notice to six states, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Jharkhand, Maharashtra and Karnataka on such attacks.Replying to the notice, Jharkhand and Gujarat told the Supreme Court that administration has taken action against all those involved in such vigilante attacks in the recent past.Activist Tehseen S Poonawalla, in his plea, said violence committed by these Gau Raksha groups have reached such proportions that even Prime Minister Narendra Modi had declared them as people who were "destroying the society".The plea also alleged that these groups were committing atrocities against Dalits and minorities in the name of protecting cows and other bovines and they needed to be "regulated and banned in the interest of social harmony, public morality and law and order in the country". ALSO READ:Mob lynching India's shocking war within, a challenge Narendra Modi must confrontCow vigilantism: Supreme Court issues notice to Centre, 6 states\r\nElected India's 14th President, Ram Nath Kovind will be the first President from Uttar Pradesh, and the second Dalit President after KR Narayanan. He has practised as an advocate in the Delhi High Court and Supreme Court. He has also been a Rajya Sabha member and BJP's SC cell President. He resigned as Bihar Governor to fight the Presidential polls.\r\nBJP-led NDA's presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind registered an emphatic win over his rival and Opposition candidate Meira Kumar. Succeeding Pranab Mukherjee, Kovind will be sworn in as the 14th president of India on July 25.Kovind will be the seventh youngest person to be anointed to the coveted post. He is also the second Dalit after KR Narayanan to adorn the coveted post. He is the first President from Uttar Pradesh.On June 19, BJP's Parliamentary Board decided to field Kovind as NDA's presidential candidate. He was Bihar governor then. Subsequently, Kovind resigned as governor to contest the presidential election which was held on July 17.ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT RAM NATH KOVINDBorn on October 1, 1945 in Uttar Pradesh's Kanpur Dehat, Ram Nath Kovind was a lawyer by profession. He practised as an advocate for the Central Government at Delhi High Court from 1977 to 1979. He was a permanent advocate for the Centre at the Supreme Court between 1980 and 1993.The BJP-led Centre had appointed Ram Nath Kovind, 76, as Bihar Governor in August 2015 with a view to wooing the Dalits in the state Assembly elections held in December that year.Ram Nath Kovind was a Rajya Sabha member between 1994 and 2006 from Uttar Pradesh. As Rajya Sabha MP, he visited Thailand, Nepal, Germany, Switzerland, France, United Kingdom, Pakistan and United States of America on study tours.Kovind was member of the Parliamentary Committees for SC/ST welfare, home ministry, petroleum and natural gas, social justice and rights, and law and justice. He was also the chairman of Rajya Sabha housing committee.Ram Nath Kovind was a member of management board for Dr BR Ambedkar University, Lucknow and Board of Governors, Indian Institute of Management, Kolkata.Kovind represented India at United Nations in New York and addressed the General Assembly in October 2002.Ram Nath Kovind was the BJP's SC cell president from 1998 to 2002. He was also BJP's national spokesperson.Ram Nath Kovind was also the member of BJP's National Executive Committee as a permanent invitee.THE JOURNEYBorn in Paraunkh village of Derapur tehsil in Kanpur rural, Uttar Pradesh, Kovind is the youngest among three brothers. He completed his primary and pre-middle school education from Khanpur in Sandalpur block. He passed intermediate examination from Kanpur and bachelors in Commerce from DAV College. He became a law graduate from DAV Law College, Kanpur.Thereafter, Kovind moved to the national capital to prepare for Civil Services examination. He cleared the coveted exams in his third attempt. However, he turned out the job offer as he was selected in the Allied Services.Ram Nath Kovind started his career as a lawyer in the Supreme Court. After the formation of Janata Party government in 1977, he became private secretary to the then prime minister Morarji Desai. He also worked as a junior counsellor for the Janata Party government in the Supreme Court. He subsequently came in contact of the BJP leaders.BJP fielded him as a Lok Sabha candidate from Ghatampur in UP in 1990. However, he lost the election.In 2007, BJP gave him a ticket for UP Assembly election from Bhognipur constituency. However, he lost that election too.ALSO READ|\xa0 Ram Nath Kovind set to enter Rashtrapati Bhavan: What do you know about the Raisina Hill palace?Ram Nath Kovind vs Meira Kumar: How votes are counted and President-elect is declared\r\n'Lipstick Under My Burkha', which released on Friday, is "worth the hype...a must watch", wrote The Quint. Hindustan Times wrote the film is not "an all-out-war against patriarchy" but "a subdued conversation starter". Mid-Day wrote, "It's a thoroughly entertaining film on a society at the cusp of major change". It was rated 4.5/5 (The Quint), 4/5 (Mid-Day) and 3.5/5 (HT).\r\nLipstick Under My BurkhaDirector: Alankrita SrivastavaCast: Ratna Pathak, Konkona Sen Sharma, Aahana Kumra, Plabita Borthakur, Sushant Singh, Vikrant MasseyRating: 3.5/5After a long and controversial battle with the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC), Alankrita Srivastava?s Lipstick Under My Burkha finally hits theatres on Friday. {"@context":"http://schema.org","@type":"Review","author": {"@type":"Person","name":"Sweta Kaushal","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/columns/sweta-kaushal"},"datePublished":"2017-07-20","description":"Lipstick Under My Burkha movie review: Ratna Pathak Shah and Konkana Sen Sharma?s film is not a didactic piece on how women should be treated. The film is a subdued conversation starter.","inLanguage":"en","itemReviewed": {"@type":"Movie","name":"Lipstick Under My Burkha","image":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/rf/image_size_960x540/HT/p2/2017/07/20/Pictures/_2609e5c8-6d08-11e7-b16c-a4b2f1f7e553.jpg","sameAs":"http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4807830/","datePublished":"2017-07-20","director": {"@type":"Person","name":"Alankrita Srivastava"},"actor": [{"@type": "Person","name": "Ratna Pathak","sameAs": ""},{"@type": "Person","name": "Konkona Sen Sharma","sameAs": ""}]},"publisher": {"@type":"Organization","name":"Hindustan Times","sameAs":"http://www.hindustantimes.com/"},"reviewRating": {"@type":"Rating","worstRating":0.0,"bestRating":5,"ratingValue":"3.5"}}With all the hue and cry around it, you would expect a film that is all about sex. Except, this isn?t.Lipstick Under My Burkha is a simple story about four women and their dreams - of financial independence, of becoming a singer, of moving to a big city and of simply, enjoying life. The fact that these desires remain hidden from the society makes their desires seem like adventurous trips. Lipsticks, in the film, are these desires while the patriarchal society is the Burkha. The film does not loudly cheer feminism or as CBFC chief Pahlaj Nihalani calls it, ?lady-oriented?. Alankrita chooses a subtle narrative style to tell us the stories of four different women who are fighting a male chauvinist society and mindset. And therein lies the beauty of Lipstick Under My Burkha which is set in a small town. Alankrita shows a very relatable and authentic Bhopal in her movie and her characters are all realistic. They have their own set of small, yet, irritating problems dealing with the male-dominated society.Shireen (Konkona) is a housewife who works a salesgirl but needs to hide her job from her husband (Sushant). Bua jee aka Usha (Ratna) is a 55-year-old woman rendered devoid of desires because of her age but enjoys reading soft porn hidden in her religious books. Leela (Aahana) is a free-spirited woman who feels suffocated in the small town of Bhopal and uses her sexuality to manipulate the men in her life. Rihanna (Plabita) is a young college girl who idolises Miley Cyrus and wants to follow her fashion style. She has to hide her desires of a becoming a singer under a burkha, thanks to her orthodox parents. Every character in the film deals with different kinds of prejudices and restrictions but eventually, they prove to be the same - curbing the freedom of women. The small town setting enables the four characters to be part of each others? lives and eventually come together.Lipstick Under My Burkha is no didactic piece on how women should be treated, neither is it an all-out-war against patriarchy. The film is a subdued conversation starter - let us talk about women?s desires as well as their rights, let women open up about their dreams.Lipstick under my Burkha brings in a lot of issues - from dictates on women?s clothing to forced sex in a marriage, it addresses all of them boldly. This is a bold film not because it talks of women?s sexuality but because it draws attention to their desires and problems and does so in the most glaring colours. Alankrita has an army of wonderful actors to support her engaging movie. Be it Sushant, Konkona, Plabita, Ratna, Vikrant or Aahana, all of them belong to their characters and are impressive. This is one of those rare films in which it is difficult to pick a favourite but Konkona?s performance rises among them as she is the one who is not dependent on others to fulfil her desires. Not to complain about others? dreams as they simply happen to be such that cannot be completed without others? help. It is laughable that the CBFC had problems with such a light film that merely talks about women nurturing their own desires that cross the boundaries of a male-dominated society. While the final scene of the film might work for some,I would have loved it had it been more decisive. A closure to the narratives would have provided for a more positive and optimistic cinema, what Lipstick Under My Burkha aims to be. This is a film you must not miss as it is not everyday that Bollywood films talk of women and their desires.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nGujarat High Court has put an interim stay on criminal proceedings against Shah Rukh Khan for his alleged involvement in triggering a stampede at the Vadodara railway station during promotions for Raees. During the stampede, a man had died of heart attack. The High Court has fixed September 25 as the next date to hear the actor's plea. \r\nThe Gujarat High Court today put an interim stay on criminal proceedings against superstar Shah Rukh Khan for his alleged culpability in triggering a melee at Vadodara railway station early this year while promoting his film Raees, during which a man had died of heart attack.The superstar was granted the relief by Justice A J Desai (rpt A J Desai), who also stayed the Vadodara court summons to him, seeking his presence before it on July 23 to answer the charges of his culpability in the case.Khan?s lawyer apprised the court of the case and pleaded that he was not responsible for the ruckus that was created at the Vadodara railway station on January 23 upon the arrival of the August Kranti Express on which he was travelling to promote the movie.After granting an interim stay on proceedings against Khan, the high court fixed September 25 as the next date to hear his plea. The ruckus at platform had left one Fahreed Khan Pathan, a Vadodara resident dead and several others injured, besides causing damages to the railway property.A Vadodara court had issued summons to Khan last week on the plea of a local resident Jitendra Solanki seeking its direction to the police to lodge an FIR against the superstar.Solanki had earlier approached the police for lodging of an FIR against Khan under sections 336, 337 and 338 of the Indian Penal Code, for allegedly committing acts endangering life or personal safety of others and causing simple and grievous hurts to them by such acts, but the police had refused to lodge FIR on his complaint.The Vadodara court had issued summons to Khan under section 204 of the CrPC saying that there were sufficient grounds for proceeding against him in the case.The high court had earlier stayed another summons issued to Khan by the Government Railway Police in connection with the same case. The GRP had asked him to come its office and record his statement.The lawyer for the actor had then argued that such summons could not be issued against a person who was not staying within the jurisdiction of the police station.\r\nActress Sunny Leone and her husband Daniel Weber have adopted a baby girl from Latur, Maharashtra. Daniel said that they decided to retain their 21-month-old daughter's name as Nisha as she had already been given the name. Sunny said it did not matter whether Nisha was their biological child while adding, "For us, it was about starting a family."\r\nMeet Nisha Kaur Weber, the 21-month-old who is lighting up the life of actor Sunny Leone and her husband, Daniel Weber. The baby girl from Latur, Maharashtra, has been adopted by them, and Sunny says it was love at first sight.What does parenthood feel like?Sunny: Right now, it?s all so brand new because it has just been a few days. The moment we got the picture (of Nisha); I was so excited, happy, emotional and [experienced] so many different feelings. We literally had three weeks to finalise everything. Usually, people get nine months to prepare (laughs).Daniel: Our life is always so crazy. There are no nine months for us. For me, it has just been lots of paperwork for two years and then one day, that?s it. You get an email that you have been matched with a child. It?s so crazy.Daniel Weber says never in his life did he think that he would adopt a child.When was the decision to adopt taken?Daniel: We applied almost two years ago, when we went to an orphanage. Those people are doing amazing work. But we thought it would be great to help. Of course, you want to help them all but you can?t. Maybe, one at a time, and that?s how things may start.Sunny: I truly believe that Nisha chose us, we didn?t choose Nisha. Daniel: Never in my life did I think that I want to adopt a child. [People] doing such amazing work at the orphanage changed my mind.    Just hanging out, waiting for that someone special ?! LOL Pic credits: @tomasmoucka Hair and Makeup: @tomasmoucka and @jeetihairtstylist #SunnyLeone A post shared by Sunny Leone (@sunnyleone) on Jul 14, 2017 at 12:29am PDT What made both of you have a baby at this particular point?Sunny: We didn?t decide. The Indian government and Cara agency decided when we were ready (smiles). We didn?t know that you don?t get to choose the ashram or orphanage that you adopt from, the ministry chooses for you.Daniel: There is no right time if you are in the entertainment field because you are always on the road. So when are you going to find nine months or a year to have a child? If someone wants a day of shooting with Sunny, I say, ?Okay, let me find one hour in the next four months.? Why we?ve adopted is a different reason but we were ready almost two years ago.    Long Beach NY !! @sunnyleone A post shared by Daniel "Dirrty" Weber (@dirrty99) on Jul 9, 2017 at 8:02am PDT Sunny: I don?t know about everybody else, but for us, it didn?t matter even for a second whether it was our child or she not being our biological child. For us, it was about starting a family and I might not [have a biological child] because of our schedules and so many other things but we both thought, ?why don?t we just adopt??Who thought of the name, Nisha?Sunny: We didn?t do that.Daniel: That was her name. They told us that we can change and we had our minds filled with names but she is who she is. Every time, we called her by other names, it just didn?t fit her.    Sometimes it just feels great !!! Thanks Minneapolis for a great night !!! @thedisparrowsofficial @drloosvelt @stephen_tecci @juliandelasher @hassbeat A post shared by Daniel "Dirrty" Weber (@dirrty99) on Jul 6, 2017 at 4:46pm PDT Sunny: We like the name. Her name is Nisha Kaur Weber. It?s Kaur since I am Punjabi, as my real name is Karenjit Kaur. I always wanted that whatever names we choose, the middle name be Singh or Kaur. When I looked up the meaning of Nisha, it?s the Hindu goddess of night. How was your first meeting with your daughter, Nisha?Sunny: The day we picked her up, she was great in the car; dancing and having fun.Daniel: She must have thought she was on a road trip or something or that it?s one day at the circus. Nisha had an eight hour trip (from Latur to Mumbai) and she was perfect. I thought, ?wow, this child is amazing.?    Good morning everyone!!! ? Pic credits and Make up by @tomasmoucka Hair by Tomas and @jeetihairtstylist #SunnyLeone A post shared by Sunny Leone (@sunnyleone) on Jul 10, 2017 at 8:29am PDT Sunny: When she came home, I think that?s when it dawned upon her, ?oh, wait I am not going back.? But we have read up and consulted our friends about how to cope with her at this stage, and we have accepted that it?s going to take her some time to adjust in this new environment.Daniel: We are trying to introduce things to her every hour but it?s overwhelming for any human to have new things as until now, she was raised in a different manner. But we have been told that it?s an easy age to be programmed because kids? minds at this age are like a sponge.    There was a good chance I was going to be hit right in the face! But because I have ninja like reflexes I saved myself! Haha @mtvsplitsvilla @mtvindia A post shared by Sunny Leone (@sunnyleone) on Jul 6, 2017 at 6:28am PDT At the orphanage, she was spoken to in Marathi. So, English must be an alien language for her?Daniel: Till now, she has only been spoken to in Marathi so I think that also needs to be reprogrammed. I am sure whenever I speak to her, she must be thinking, ?Dude, what are you talking? Speak some legitimate words.? I can only imagine that.Sunny: A few days back, she learnt her first English word which was bye bye (smiles).Would life ? on a day-to-day basis ? change from now on?Daniel: We will still be busy (laughs).Watch Baadshaho trailerSunny: Of course, we are going to have to adjust a lot of different things but I do believe that God brings people in your life and does things for you only when you are ready for it. She has come to us at 21 months, so she is mobile, can function, and going to be able to communicate with us. Also, we have a great network of people and family around us. She is still a tiny baby right now, so we can structure our lives and figure out how we are going to move forward with projects.    ??? A post shared by Daniel "Dirrty" Weber (@dirrty99) on Jun 23, 2017 at 12:07am PDT Daniel: You know, we didn?t know that Nisha was coming to us so Sunny?s schedule was completely planned till the end of the year. But it is okay, so now, Sunny has to go to London, and though I would have liked to go with her but I will stay with Nisha here.Sunny: Well, she doesn?t have her travel documents yet but until that happens; we are so blessed to have this moment.Do you guys ever feel, ?it?s a huge responsibility??Sunny: It?s a responsibility for the rest of our lives. But we have been ready for that ? physically, mentally and financially. We were working really hard because we wanted to start a family, and this is the way it?s going to start, so it?s amazing.    Mutt muffs haha the cutest thing ever!! @thedisparrowsofficial Miki the managers dog! A post shared by Sunny Leone (@sunnyleone) on Jul 4, 2017 at 8:29am PDT Daniel: We don?t do anything through the normal route or in an orthodox manner. When people ask, ?why did they adopt?? our counter is, ?oh, why not?? That?s normal for us.Sunny: We were not brought up here but certain things, on an everyday basis, breaks your heart. While going to the airport, you cross this overpass and see little kids with no clothes, no shoes or no food, and it?s heart-breaking. Maybe, we can?t save every child but can do it for one little girl. They (the ashram) gave her everything that they could but she is still underweight, and still needs a lot of care. And we are ready. Also, we have great people around to help us with everything. I don?t know what her struggle was, and I don?t think I ever will, but I know she was probably starving at some point, and maybe there wasn?t enough food.    Up close and personal !!! Never really know how much @tomasmoucka lenses really zooms to !! ? @MTVIndia @MTVSplitsvilla Thanks IAARA for these awesome sunglasses #SunnyLeone A post shared by Sunny Leone (@sunnyleone) on Jun 28, 2017 at 11:43pm PDT Were you guys discussing it (adoption) for a while?Sunny: Yes, we spoke about it. I have actually always wanted to adopt a child. I just didn?t know that I will find the right partner to do that with and it?s great that it?s Daniel. I believe God sent her to us and said, ?this is going to be your baby.?Daniel: At first, we were told that our profiles will be matched with three children and we could look at their medical records etc. But she was one child that was sent to us. They said, ?if you want her, okay or else she goes back in the system.? And we immediately agreed. I don?t think you will ever know you are ready for it. So, if two years ago, we were in the middle of a million things, when are we not handling million things?Sunny: We now live in a generation where parents work and you might have help at home but older-generation parents worked and their kids went to school. They were fine and still got the same amount of love.    Great night performing for @genesisfndn Mumbai India !!! @thedisparrowsofficial A post shared by Daniel "Dirrty" Weber (@dirrty99) on Jun 17, 2017 at 10:11am PDT Has life undergone a complete transformation? Daniel: It has just been about a week that Nisha has been with us but I feel like I know her for a month. We are both figuring her out, and I am sure she is doing the same. She has had a certain kind of life till now, so, she?ll take her time to understand that we are her parents. Things are changing on an hourly basis. For us, it?s mind-altering.Sunny: She is so cute. The moment she looks up at you and smiles, it just melts your heart. I look forward to her growing up to become an independent and being her own woman.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA bag used by US astronaut Neil Armstrong to bring moon dust samples back to Earth was sold for $1.8 million (?11.58 crore) at an auction in New York on Thursday. After the Apollo 11 mission, the bag was stolen from Houston's Johnson Space Center before being found years later. The bag reportedly still contains traces of moon dust.\r\nA bag used by US astronaut Neil Armstrong to bring the first samples of moon dust back to Earth was sold to an anonymous bidder for $1.8 million at an auction in New York on Thursday marking the 48th anniversary of the first moon landing.The bag, which for years sat unidentified in a box at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, was bought by a person who bid by telephone and did not wish to be named publicly, auctioneer Sotheby?s said.Auctioneers had expected the bag to fetch between $2 million and $4 million.It was the highest-value item at an auction of moon memorabilia that included the Apollo 13 flight plan annotated by its crew, which sold for $275,000; a spacesuit worn by US astronaut Gus Grissom, which sold for $43,750, and a famous image of Buzz Aldrin of Apollo 11 on the moon taken by Neil Armstrong, which went for $35,000.After Armstrong and his Apollo 11 crew came come in July of 1969, the fate of the 12-inch by 8.5-inch (30-cm by 22-cm) bag labelled ?Lunar Sample Return, was unknown for decades. After disappearing from the Johnson centre, it surfaced in the garage of the manager of a Kansas museum, Max Ary, who was convicted of its theft in 2014, according to court records.The bag was seized by the US Marshals Service which put it up for auction three times, drawing no bids, until it was bought in 2015 for $995 by a Chicago-area attorney, Nancy Lee Carlson.She sent the bag to NASA for authentication, and when tests revealed it was used by Armstrong and still had moon dust traces inside, the US space agency decided to keep it.Carlson successfully sued NASA to get the bag back, and the attention created by her legal challenge prompted many inquiries from potential buyers, according to Sotheby?s. That led Carlson to decide to auction it again.One group criticized the decision to sell a piece of space history.?The bag belongs in a museum, so the entire world can share in and celebrate the universal human achievement it represents,? said Michelle Hanlon cofounder of For All Moonkind, a non-profit formed to persuade the United Nations to adopt measures to preserve and protect the six Apollo lunar landing sites.\r\nNearly 2 kg of a morphine mixture was found in the catering trolley of a Chennai-Delhi Air India flight after it landed in Delhi on Wednesday, an airline spokesperson said. A catering supervisor noticed two packets hidden beneath the cutlery, following which the Narcotics Control Bureau was informed. Meanwhile, officials said only employees and cabin crew have access to trolleys.\r\nIn what could be an insider's job, a suspicious packet containing narcotic substance was found in the food trolley of an Air India flight at Delhi airport on Thursday.The incident that highlighted a security breach has left all wondering how the packet reached the trolley. The Customs department is still testing and verifying the content of the packet. Prima facie, it appears to be narcotic substance.Highly placed sources said there was a tip-off after which Customs intercepted a brown packet in the lower row of the food trolley. An Air India official claimed that at around noon, the supervisor of Sky Gourmet, an inflight catering service provider, noticed two packets, hidden beneath catering cutlery while moving the trolley from Air India flight number 440 that arrived from Chennai on July 19. A senior official confirmed to Mail Today that the packet was seized.\r\nUttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath rejected 85-year-old 'Metro Man' E Sreedharan's resignation as the state's metro advisor, and handed him three more projects. The first phase of the Lucknow metro is ready, while plans for Varanasi have been made. "The UP CM now wants metros in Agra and Meerut too, along with Kanpur," Sreedharan said.\r\nUttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath has put Metro Man E Sreedharan back on track. The priest-turned-politician's pro-development push is set to see the train system chug into six cities of the state even before their population eligibility make the cut. Sreedharan delivered his home project, Kochi Metro, last month. On turning 85, he planned to "hang his boots", and met the UP CM to convey his decision of retiring from his advisory role to the state government. "The UP CM not only did not allow me to tender my resignation but added the responsibility of planning metros for three more cities. He is very keen on getting the metro to his own constituency, Gorakhpur," Sreedharan said in Kochi on Thursday.While the first phase of metro will be commissioned for commercial operations in state capital Lucknow any time now, the home turfs of Adityanath and Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be gifted a metro rail much before they make it to the merit list. "While the phase I project, a 10.5-km line for Lucknow is ready for inspection by the Commissioner for Metro Rail Safety and will be thrown open to the public once it gets a nod, detailed project reports for Varanasi have already been made," said Sreedharan. "The UP CM now wants metros in Agra and Meerut too, along with Kanpur. For Meerut, there are already plans of linking it with the Rapid Rail."MORE BUSINESSA boom in the development of mass transit metro projects in India is not only helping free up choked roads, but is also generating business opportunities as the country ploughs funds into updating its creaky public transport system. Adityanath's metro push, however, has to circumvent a wall of heritage structures in UP's temple towns. The plan for Varanasi proposed by Sreedharan met with the CM's disapproval as it went precariously close to the Kashi Vishwanath Temple."We are now going to redesign the plan and are working on a light metro project for the city that will cost less, reduce noise and vibrations," Sreedharan added.Metro projects are usually commissioned for cities with a population of over two million (20 lakh) residents whereas light metro, which is yet to be implemented in any Indian city so far, is proposed for those with population between one and two million. State governments, however, can plan or propose a metro system in advance, looking at a city's long-term transportation requirements, tourism indices and a comprehensive mobility plan is drafted to study the feasibility of the project.Comparing the construction of metro rail with China, Sreedharan pointed out, "While China builds 300 km of metro rail per year, India lags far behind with only 22 km a year."As the dust settles following rumours of his running for the post of President, Sreedharan insists he was never spoken to about a possible nomination. "It was entirely kite-flying by the media. No one from the government spoke to me about it. In fact even if someone did, I would have turned it down. I am 85. Do you think I will survive another five years?" he laughed.As the Delhi Metro grapples with unprecedented delays in line openings and commuter rush, Sreedharan, who introduced the transport system to the city, said, "Ever since I retired from Delhi Metro, I ensured that even my shadow does not hover around the place. The new MD and team are very competent. The challenges today are very different but they have worked very well."Also WATCH:\r\nA Mizoram Congress MLA showed an increase of 2,406% in his assets after being the MLA for five years. In 2008, Lalrobiaka had shown his movable and immovable assets at ?5.81 lakh, while in 2013, he showed his assets at ?1.4 crore. The legislator called it a 'misunderstanding', saying he didn't include details of his ?1 crore residence in 2008.\r\nLalrobiaka, a Congress candidate for the 2008 assembly poll in Mizoram, in his affidavit filed before the Election Commission, put the value of his total movable and immovable assets at a little over Rs 5.81 lakh.In 2013, the 53-year-old Congress legislator from Dampa showed his total assets at Rs 1.40 crore ? an astounding increase of 2,406% ? in his five-year tenure as a member of the state legislative assembly.That?s the reason Lalrobiaka?s name is among nine MLAs of the ruling Congress mentioned in a complaint filed by the Mizoram unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party with the state anti-corruption bureau seeking a probe.Lalrobiaka, who has a garment supply business, attributes the sharp rise in his assets to ?some misunderstanding?.Besides Lalrobiaka, the report includes names of chief minister Lal Thanhawla, ministers John Rotluangliana and PC Lalthanliana and parliamentary secretaries H Khiangte and K Rinthanga.Legislators H Zothangliana, KS Thanga and Lalrinmawia Ralte also find mention in the complaint filed on Tuesday.?The BJP as well as the Mizo public would like to know how these people became very rich in such a short span,? Mizoram BJP unit president JV Hluna told Hindustan Times over phone.Between 2008 and 2013, chief minister Lal Thanhawla?s assets increased from Rs 2.22 crore to Rs 9.15 crore ? an increase of over 411%.?I became BJP president in 2016 and came to know these details only recently. Hence we decided to file a case with the ACB,? Hluna said about the delay in the BJP demanding an investigation.?We are not saying these MLAs are corrupt. But people should know where their wealth came from. We don?t have details, but am sure between 2013 and now, their assets have increased manifold,? he added.Mizoram is going to the polls next year and the BJP is hoping to dislodge the Congress government in the Christian-majority state to extend the party?s footprint in the northeast.Lalrobiaka says there was ?some misunderstanding? regarding the sharp rise of his total assets as shown in his affidavits in 2008 and 2013.?Earlier we were not very careful in our assessment. Hence the affidavit in 2008 doesn?t include details of my residence which alone is worth nearly Rs 1 crore. But in my 2013 affidavit, that detail is mentioned. Hence it shows an increase in my assets,? the legislator told HT.The BJP, however, rubbished the explanation, saying that as an elected representative Lalrobiaka shouldn?t have overlooked such an important detail and mentioned all his assets clearly - both in 2008 and 2013.\r\nA clash of national cultures threatens to make the Air France-KLM alliance unmanageable, a leaked company report says. Air France staff accuse their KLM counterparts of thinking "only of money" and considering themselves "super cool," while KML staff claim Air France employees are aloof. Air France-KLM CEO Jean-Marc Janaillac said there is a "will to find solutions" to the matter. \r\nA clash of national cultures and an inability to understand each other?s languages threatens to make the merged Air France-KLM group of airlines unmanageable, according to a leaked internal company report.French staff in the Franco-Dutch company complain their colleagues from the Netherlands are money-grubbing, while the Dutch regard the Air France staff as aloof, according to the report.Among the petty grievances, there is irritation that a KLM employee working in Paris is charged ?10 for lunch in the canteen, while an Air France colleague pays only ?4.Such is the state of relations, according to the 100-page report, compiled by unions acting for staff within the group, that there are fears for the company?s future. ?One questions whether the alliance can survive given the long-standing mutual incomprehension between the Dutch and French camps within the group,? one researcher was quoted as writing.The embarrassing insight into the company emerged after a French and a Dutch researcher spoke to nearly 50 managers at the airline, which was formed 13 years ago through the merger of its constituent airlines.?The French have the impression that the Dutch think only of money and are always ready to fight for profit. They are not afraid of anything,? the researchers reported.?The Dutch think that the French are attached to a hierarchy and political interests which are not necessarily the same as the interests of the company ? The extent to which employees are disillusioned is shocking. People are pessimistic, frustrated and burnt out because they feel that this is not listened to.?Air France managers are also said to feel that they look more at what is best for the whole company, while KLM managers only worry about what is good for KLM. Air France staff accuse KLM managers of thinking that they are more professional and ?super cool?, the report leaked to a Dutch broadcaster says.KLM managers, on the other hand, think that their French colleagues only worry about keeping jobs at Air France. The Dutch managers don?t trust the French economy, and see Air France as a ?time bomb?.The airline group?s chief executive, Jean-Marc Janaillac, said in response to the leaked report: ?There is a common interest and the will to find solutions in the interests of the Air France-KLM group and the airlines concerned.?Air France-KLM had a difficult 2016, but it has recently claimed that its sales are recovering from the collapse in travel that followed terrorist attacks on cities including Paris and Nice.Air France-KLM said: ?The conclusion of this study identifies cultural differences and different visions leading sometimes to difficulties but also a common interest and the desire to find solutions in the interest of Air France-KLM group and each airline. During the coming period, we will see within Air France, KLM and Air France-KLM how we can learn together and bring about improvements wherever necessary.?\r\nThe North Delhi Municipal Corporation on Thursday approved the redevelopment of the 150-year-old Town Hall at Chandni Chowk in Old Delhi through public-private partnership after a ?50-crore Centre-funded restoration plan was shelved. The redeveloped complex will feature a craft bazaar, fountain, maze, boutique hotel, food court, sculpture garden, lecture rooms, museum and fine dining areas.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 20 (PTI) After its Centre-funded restoration plan got shelved, the NDMC has decided to redevelop the iconic 150-year-old Town Hall in old Delhi through public-private partnership, the civic body today said. North Delhi Mayor Preety Agarwal said the redevelopment of the Town Hall in Chandni Chowk -- the headquarters of the erstwhile unified MCD -- into a centre of cultural and social heritage would be taken up on a PPP model. "An in-principle approval has been accorded for the PPP project," she said. North Delhi Municipal Commissioner Praveen Gupta said the restoration was initially planned to be funded by the Union Tourism Ministry but "could not be materialised on that front and now it would be developed on a PPP mode". He said if all goes well, the fresh project would be taken up in the "next nine months and is likely to be completed within two years". Gupta said apart from depicting the history of Delhi, the redevelopment project is also expected to earn good revenue for the corporation. Agarwal said the Town Hall would be redeveloped as an attractive tourist destination with "international standards", after which the city landmark would emerge as a centre of cultural and social heritage, depicting the history, culture and the life of Delhi. She highlighted that the objective of the redevelopment of is to provide a wholesome experience to the visitors. The redeveloped complex will have a craft baazar, dancing fountain, the maze, light and sound programmes, street food, children activity area, boutique hotel, food court, courtyard and sculpture garden, digital library, lecture rooms, a museum, fine dining areas and much more at the premises. The mayor said the museum would be the main tourist attraction and it would occupy an area of about 1,574 sqm on the ground floor. \r\nAstronaut Neil Armstrong, who became the first man ever to walk on the moon on July 21, 1969, could not afford life insurance before embarking on the mission. Armstrong and other members of the crew autographed envelopes emblazoned with Apollo 11 crew emblem, which they hoped could provide financial support to their families in the event of their demise.\r\nArtefacts from the history of space exploration went under the hammer yesterday at an auction in New York. Auctioneers Bonhams presented nearly 400 lots, including many that were used on the surface of the moon. The auction coincided with the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 11 launch, with over 50 items from that mission on sale. These included the star chart used by Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin to determine their position on the lunar surface, which went for $218,000. The chart comprises two rotating plastic discs 9 inches across, and a velcro patch on the back containing traces of lunar dust.In a letter accompanying the chart, Aldrin called it "the single most critical navigational device we used while on the moon."Other high-ticket items were the flight joystick from Falcon ? the lunar module of Apollo 15 ? and a mission checklist that lunar explorers on Apollo 16 attached to their wrist. The checklist was intended to guide astronauts John Young and Charles Duke through their mission on the lunar surface, but Nasa engineers couldn't help inserting a few cartoons. One page depicts an astronaut's close encounter with a nude woman; another captioned "Looks Bad, Feels Good" shows Young on the lunar surface, blocking the view of a TV camera with his hand. Both items sold for $206,000.Not everything was astronomically priced, however, so there were a few bargains to be had. Two lots of charts marking the orbital paths of Apollo 14 over the Earth and moon sold for $112 apiece. A couple of crew emblems from the 1970s space station Skylab sold for the same price. Although most lots went, a few failed to attract any bidders. A dust brush from the personal collection of Fred Haise, who flew on the ill-fated Apollo 13 mission, did not find a buyer. Despite being coated with lunar dust, having been used to clean camera lenses during Apollo 14, no one was prepared to pay the asking price of $125,000?175,000.Some artefacts provide a glimpse into the minds of the men who flew to the moon. Having failed to obtain life insurance for their dangerous mission, Armstrong, Aldrin and Michael Collins signed a set of envelopes featuring the Apollo 11 crew emblem. They hoped that in the event of their demise the envelopes could be sold as a means of financial support for their families.Aldrin offered his own envelopes for sale in the auction, bringing in a total of $15,860.The full catalogue of lots sold in yesterday's Apollo auction at Bonhams can be viewed online (pdf) along with the prices fetched. If you want a piece of Nasa history of your very own, another auction is being held tomorrow in London. International Autograph Auctions will be offering up a variety of space memorabilia, including the flight suit worn by Collins during Apollo 11 which is estimated to be worth \xa37,000-10,000.\r\nSaudi Arabia's King Salman on Wednesday ordered the arrest of junior Prince Saud bin Musa'id after videos purportedly showing him assaulting two men and pointing a rifle at another emerged online. King Salman also urged citizens to monitor the abuse of power. Notably, one of the videos shows 18 bottles of whisky even though Saudi Arabia forbids alcohol consumption. \r\nA Saudi prince has been arrested after a video emerged online purporting to show him abusing someone and pointing a rifle at another.King Salman ordered the arrest and interrogation of the prince on Wednesday, a day after short clips were published on YouTube and shared on Twitter showing what appears to be a rifle pointed towards a man bleeding from the head and pleading.One video, viewed more than 760,000 times, shows 18 bottles of Johnnie Walker Red Label whisky on a table and a wad of cash. The sale and consumption of alcohol in Saudi Arabia is forbidden.Another shows a man sitting in a car, bleeding and being cursed at for parking in front of a house, while a further clip shows what appears to be the prince punching and slapping a man sitting on a chair.The clips went viral in Saudi Arabia under an Arabic Twitter hashtag that said ?prince transgresses on citizens?.???? ????? ????? ??? ???????? ???????.????? ?? ??? ???????? ???? ??? ???? ?????? ???????? ???? ?????? ????? .#????_?????_???_??????? pic.twitter.com/ImCsxwOtJeSaudi Arabia?s state TV reported on Wednesday that the king ordered a full investigation into the incidents and the arrest of Prince Saud bin Abdulaziz bin Musaed bin Saud bin Abdulaziz, as well as any associates who appeared in the clips. He ordered that no individual involved in the case be released until a court had issued a ruling in line with the country?s sharia laws.In the order, King Salman urged people to remain vigilant in monitoring any exploitation of status or abuse of power.After he issued the order, a video seen nearly 250,000 times showed the young, low-level prince, dressed in a black T-shirt and grey jogging bottoms, handcuffed and with his feet chained, being escorted into a building by security officers.While many Saudis wrote in support of the king?s decision on Twitter, the outspoken rights activist Moudi Aljohani said the order pointed to how lax the authorities were when it came to royals.The arrest comes a day after state media reported that a woman filmed walking around a historic Saudi fort in a miniskirt and crop top sparked outrage among conservatives for defying the kingdom?s dress code for women, which requires females in public to cover themselves in long, loose robes. The outcry prompted police to detain and question her for several hours before she was released without charge.While Saudi royals are given privileged status in the kingdom, in addition to undisclosed monthly allowances from the state, they are not immune to prosecution. In an extremely rare event, the kingdom executed a prince last October who had fatally shot another man. Saudi Arabia has one of the highest rates of executions in the world.Since ascending to the throne in 2015, King Salman has branded himself a ?decisive? leader. He has fired ministers caught on video being rude or insulting citizens. He also fired a senior royal court official who was filmed slapping a photographer.Before becoming king, Salman served as the governor of the capital, Riyadh, and as defence minister. A leaked 2007 US embassy memo said he ?is often the referee in family disputes?. He also reportedly oversaw a prison for wayward royals in Riyadh.\r\nA man was arrested at the Chennai airport last week allegedly for receiving an audio message seen as anti-national, on his phone. The man was released on Monday after a judge told the police that a random message on a phone was not a sign of anti-national activities. It doesn't warrant arresting someone on charges of sedition, the court added.\r\nIt's not just sending a message that may land you in trouble nowadays. Even receiving a message on WhatsApp makes you vulnerable. Tadikala Akabar Saleem was last week arrested at the Chennai airport where he had gone to pick up a friend who was arriving from Gulf because cops found an audio message in his phone that they deemed anti-national.On Monday, although, 36-year-old Saleem was released after a magistrate in Chennai told cops that a random message on a phone was no sign of any anti-national activities and didn't warrant someone booked for charges of sedition.Saleem was booked by Chennai airport cops for sedition over a voice message that he received on WhatsApp. The message was considered as "anti-national" and an FIR was filed against Saleem on Saturday."Saleem was waiting outside the airport to receive his friend arriving from the Gulf and was taken in custody after his friend was found carrying excess gold on arrival," a report in the Indian Express noted. Although, during the investigation and questioning the airport authorities didn't find any wrongdoing on the part of Saleem, they did chance upon a random audio message that Saleem had received on his WhatsApp. After that they referred the case to the airport police, which booked Saleem after claiming that the message was anti-national.After his release on the directives of the court Saleem has reportedly returned to his village near Chennai though the police says it would continue to investigate as the case was "referred to by the customs department."The WhatsApp message, recorded in Urdu, was reportedly an appeal to all Muslims to assemble at Jantar Mantar for some protest. The alleged anti-national audio message, however, did not specify any time or date for the said protest.Also Read:  WhatsApp may soon allow you to quickly switch from voice to video calls\r\nMadhya Pradesh Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced compensation of ?1 crore to the families of security personnel from the state who are killed in the line of duty. "We will provide them a house, a job to a family member, erect a statue of the martyr and name a road after him/her,? Chouhan added. \r\nMadhya Pradesh Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan announced in the state assembly that the government from now on will give Rs one crore as compensation to the family members of anyone from the state who attains martyrdom for the country.Speaking on the adjournment moved by the Opposition Congress party on the Mandsaur police firing in which six farmers were killed, Chouhan said, "Opposition members are questioning me. Asking why I gave compensation of Rs one crore to those whose family members died in the police firing. I just want to say I have my own style of working. I want to make this announcement right now. I hope I never have to do this but god forbid if anyone from the state gets martyred, my government will give a compensation of Rs one crore to the family members."Earlier speaking on the adjournment, leader of Opposition, Ajay Singh charged the government of trivialising the issue and refuted charges of the Congress party's role in the violence. "The government is charging us with indulging in violence. We were not part of the agitation from day one but yes we stood by the farmers after six of them were killed in police firing.\xa0 We still stand with the farmers and the government should accept that it was failure on the part of its machinery," he said.Ajay Singh also raised the issue of farmers committing suicide across the state and read out names of farmers who committed suicide in the chief minister's home district after June 6. "Had the state government legislated the moneylender's act as was announced in 2011, the situation would never had arisen as most of the farmers are committing suicide after getting into a debt trap," he said.Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan in return read out the figures of suicides committed by farmers during the Congress' rule. Also read:Madhya Pradesh: 42 farmers commit suicide since Mandsaur firing, Shivraj Singh's Sehore tops the list Revealed: What is killing India's farmers? India Today exclusive \r\nUS President Donald Trump has reportedly decided to stop the CIA's covert program in Syria to train rebel groups fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The program that began in 2013 produced little success and is "a signal to Putin that the (Trump) administration wants to improve ties to Russia?, officials said. Russia has supported Assad's government against fighting Islamist extremists.\r\nDonald Trump has decided to halt the CIA?s covert programme to equip and train moderate rebels fighting Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, in a move likely to be welcomed by Russia?s Vladimir Putin.The CIA programme began in 2013 as part of Barack Obama?s support for the overthrow of Assad but met with little success, two officials told Reuters. Some armed and trained rebels defected to Islamic State and other radical groups.One of the officials was quoted as saying the US is not making a major concession, given Assad?s continued grip on power, but ?it?s a signal to Putin that the administration wants to improve ties to Russia?.Along with Iran, Moscow has played a critical part in shoring up Assad during the the six-year civil war.The decision was made with national security adviser HR McMaster and CIA director Mike Pompeo after they consulted with lower ranking officials, and before Trump?s 7 July meeting with Vladimir Putin at the G20 summit in Germany, Reuters reported. It was not part of US-Russian negotiations on a limited ceasefire in south-west Syria the two leaders agreed to at the summit, the officials said.Joshua Landis, director of the Center for Middle East Studies at the University of Oklahoma, said: ?It?s a victory for Assad, Iran and Putin, all of which carried the day. But it?s also a victory for America: in this case I do believe Trump is pursuing the correct policy.?Trying to destroy Russia in Syria is a fool?s errand because Russia is helping to pursue al-Qaida and Isis there. Since when is destroying extremism a bad thing? Just because Russia is for it doesn?t automatically make it bad.?Landis said that it had become clear that the rebels will not win, the US has no leverage over Assad ? and a large percentage of the arms are falling into the hands of extremists.?Obama was on his way to making the same decision,? he said. ?Many people would now be genuinely happy if Assad could conquer the rest of Isis territory. In a sense this is the raggedy end of a rationale for regime change. America has learned from many nasty experiences that violent regime change in the Middle East does not produce democracy and human rights.?The Washington Post was first to report the programme?s suspension on Wednesday. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, deputy press secretary at the White House, declined to comment on the topic. The CIA also declined to comment. But Charles Lister, a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute, told the Washington Post: ?We are falling into a Russian trap. We are making the moderate resistance more and more vulnerable ... We are really cutting them off at the neck.?A separate effort by the US military effort to train, arm and support other Syrian rebel groups with air strikes and other actions will continue.Trump, who in April launched a cruise missile attack on Syria in response to Assad?s use of chemical weapons, is under scrutiny by Congress and a special counsel investigating Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and whether his associates colluded.On Wednesday Sanders played down the controversy over a second, undisclosed meeting that Trump held with Putin at a dinner during the G20 summit.?I think that once again, the Russia fever has caught up with the media and everybody ran out and tried to create a story that simply didn?t exist,? she told reporters. ?To try to create that there was some kind of private conversation in a room with 40-plus people seems a little bit ridiculous.?According to witnesses, Trump rose from his seat and took a place next to Putin, then conversed for an hour with only a Russian interpreter present. The absence of an American official has been widely criticised as a breach of protocol.Sanders added: ?They had a brief conversation and I?m not going to get into the specifics of the conversation but again, this was a social dinner where the president spoke with many world leaders as is the purpose. I think it would be incredibly awkward for them to all be at a dinner and not speak with each other.?Asked if the decision to end the CIA programme came up during the dinner conversation, the deputy press secretary replied: ?Not that I?m aware of.?\r\nTomatoes worth ?70,000 were stolen from a vegetable market in Mumbai after a shopkeeper left the crates outside his shop. He reportedly feared that rats might eat the stock if the tomatoes were kept inside. Police officials probing the theft said there is no CCTV footage and added that they are questioning coolies and other vegetable vendors.\r\nAs their prices touch Rs100 a kg, tomatoes worth Rs70,000 were  stolen from a vegetable  market in Mumbai recently.The Dahisar police sent a team to trace the unidentified thieves.The complainant, Shantilal Shrivastav, is a resident of Shanti Nagar in Dahisar. ?Every night he gets delivery of vegetables from Navi Mumbai?s APMC market. He unloads the truck and stores the vegetables in his shop at the Dahisar market,? said police.On Tuesday night, Shrivastav got 30 crates of tomatoes. Fearing that rats might eat them up, he kept the crates outside his shop and left. On Wednesday morning, he found the stock was missing. He then approached the Dahisar police and registered a case of theft.?He has been doing business at the same spot for years, but hasn?t come across such a thing,? said Subhash Sawant, senior police inspector of Dahisar police station.The crates cost Rs2,000 and the tomatoes cost Rs70,000, ?There is no CCTV in the market, making it difficult for us to track the robbers,? said Sawant.The police are now questioning the coolies and other vegetable vendors who sleep near the market.?This is a strange case, but we will trace the tomato thieves,? said a police officer from Dahisar police station. \r\nBhiku Daji Bhilare, who claimed to have saved Gandhi from an earlier assassination attempt by Nathuram Godse in 1944, passed away on Wednesday at the age of 98. According to Mahatma Gandhi's great grandson's book, there were four attempts on Gandhi's life before Godse killed him in 1948. Bhilare reportedly foiled the second attack in Panchgani by overpowering Godse. \r\nBhiku Daji Bhilare, who was claimed to have saved Mahatma Gandhi from being killed by Nathuram Godse in 1944, passed away today after a brief illness.The 98-year-old Gandhian, popularly known as ?Bhilare Guruji?, was cremated at his village, Bhilar, in Mahabaleshwar Teshil in western Maharashtra?s Satara district, family sources said.Bhilare, born on November 28, 1919, is survived by three sons.While there is no documented history about Bhilare having foiled Godse?s earlier attack, the great grandson of Mahatma Gandhi, Tushar Gandhi, in his new book has dwelled on how fundamentalists had planned and made many attempts on the life of the Father of the Nation before he was finally killed.According to him, there were four attempts on the Mahatma?s life, before Godse killed him in 1948.The attack at Panchgani in 1944, where Bhilare Guruji overpowered Nathuram, was the second of these attempts, he has claimed in the book.?(In) July 1944, after his release from the Aga Khan Palace Prison Camp in May 1944, Gandhi contracted malaria and was advised rest by his physician. He retired to Panchgani, a mountain resort near Poona (now Pune), where he stayed at Dilkhush Bungalow.?A group of 18 or 20 men reached Panchgani by a chartered bus from Poona and held a day-long protest against Gandhi. When Gandhi was told about this, he contacted the leader of the group, Nathuram Vinayak Godse, for a discussion. Nathuram rejected the invitation and continued with his demonstration,? the book says.?During a prayer meeting that evening, Nathuram Godse, dressed in a Nehru shirt, pajama and jacket, rushed towards Gandhi. He was brandishing a dagger in his hand and shouting anti-Gandhi slogans. Godse was overpowered by Manishankar Purohit, the proprietor of the Surti lodge of Poona, and D Bhilare Guruji of Satara, who later became a Congress legislator from Mahabaleshwar. The other youth accompanying Godse ran away,? it saidIn 2008, at an event in Mumbai, Bhilare was lauded for having had the presence of mind and the daring to twist the knife out of Nathuram Godse?s hand as he rushed to kill Gandhiji in a frenzy.In 1944, Bhilare was the taluka pramukh of the Rashtra Seva Dal.?It was a wet July evening in Panchgani in 1944,? Bhilare Guruji had recalled at the event.?All of us had assembled in the Batha High School hall for the evening prayers when suddenly a door opposite me opened and in rushed Nathuram Godse. He was wielding a knife and muttering incoherently.?Bhilare blocked his path and twisted the knife out of his hand.?My colleagues in the Seva Dal were also quick to react, and threw him out of the premises,? he had recalled.Bhilare had also claimed that Gopal Godse and Narayan Apte, who were implicated in the Mahatma?s assassination, were present at the spot.The Panchgani incident has been documented in the memoirs of Gandhiji?s close associate, said Pyarelal, a functionary of Mani Bhawan in Mumbai from where Mahatma Gandhi initiated satyagraha and propagated the cause of swadeshi. \r\nTwo men died on Wednesday after falling off moving trains in two separate incidents in Mumbai's Vashi. In the first incident, a 19-year-old man fell off while travelling in a train near the Mankhurd station. In the second instance, a 40-year-old succumbed to injuries after he fell down while trying to board a crowded train at the Kopar Khairane station. \r\nTwo persons died after falling off moving trains in two separate incidents in Vashi on Wednesday.In the first accident, 19-year-old Yuvraj Rathod, a resident of Babasaheb Ambedkar Nagar in Mankhurd fell off while travelling in a train near the Mankhurd station. He suffered severe injuries on different parts of his body and was rushed to Rajabari Hospital in Mumbai. However, he succumbed to his injuries after a few hours. His father, Neelkanth Rathod, later indentified his body. \xa0In the second accident, a 40-year-old man from Shramik Nagar in Kopar Khairane suffered severe injuries while trying to board a crowded train at the Kopar Khairane station.?Balaji Rudrar was trying to board a train on platform number 1 around 3pm. He somehow lost his control and fell down on the platform. Initially he was rushed to a nearby hospital by some fellow commuters. However, his condition deteriorated and he was later shifted to JJ Hospital in Mumbai. He died there in the evening,? said a GRP official.The police handed over the bodies of the deceased to their respective families after postmortems were conducted in the hospitals. Meanwhile, they have registered two accidental death cases.The city of Navi Mumbai saw an alarming number of 131 train deaths in the first half of this year. According to \xa0railway\xa0sources, Vashi witnessed 95 deaths between January and June.As far as the area of Panvel is concerned, 36 people died in train\xa0accident\xa0in the first six months. This apart, around 150 people suffered injuries while travelling in local trains during this period.The\xa0railway\xa0officials said that over 75% of the\xa0accidents\xa0in Navi Mumbai took place this year while crossing the tracks.\r\nOrgans retrieved from a 32-year-old brain-dead man, who was admitted to a Mumbai hospital after multiple injuries, saved lives of four end-stage organ failure patients. The man's heart, liver, kidneys, eyes, and skin were donated. While the deceased's heart was transplanted into a 56-year-old man, his liver and kidney were transplanted into two patients.\r\nFamily members of a 38-year-old brain dead man saved lives of four end-stage organ failure patients by donating his organs. This was the 32nd cadaver donation in the city this year, said officials. The donor had suffered multiple injuries and was admitted at Jupiter Hospital, Thane. He developed an intracranial bleeding and was declared brain dead on July 18 at 7:30pm.While the heart was taken to Fortis Hospital, Mulund, through a green corridor, his kidneys and liver were sent to different hospitals. The skin and corneas were sent to the skin and eye banks. A green corridor is clearing of a stretch of road to make way for an ambulance.The recipient of the heart was a 56-year-old man, who was recently diagnosed with dilated cardiomyopathy, a heart condition? and was put on the waiting list earlier this month.Dr Anvay Mulay, chief of cardiac transplant team, Fortis Hospital, Mulund, who performed the heart transplant surgery, said, ?The donor?s family played an instrumental part and have enriched the lives of six people today. We encourage families to make informed decisions and spread goodwill amongst others. We as a community must come together to highlight the cause which can save many more lives in the future.? This was the 16th heart transplant for this year, said the hospital authorities.\r\nAs many 217 Maharashtra farmers committed suicide in June, bringing the total farmer suicides in the state over the last six months to 1,327. The Vidarbha region recorded the highest number of suicides in Maharashtra, with 629 farmers committing suicide in the past six months. Notably, the state had announced a complete loan waiver for small farmers on June 11. \r\n At least 217 farmers have ended their in the month following chief minister Devendra Fadnavis? farm loan waiver announcement on June 2 this year. This numbers for the month of June equal the average monthly figures in the past six months. According to figures of the suicides collated by the relief and rehabilitation department, 79 farmers in Marathwada and 87 in Vidarbha ended their lives in June. A month earlier, 89 and 90 farmers had committed suicides respectively in these two regions, which are worst-affected by the agrarian crisis. The number of suicides has now shot up to 1,327 this year. The number has, however, dropped when compared to the same time period last year. In June  2016, the total number of cases had reached 1,541 in the first six months.Experts said this was expected and the loan wavier is not the solution. ?87% of the suicides take place in the families that are completely dependent on farming. A waiver cannot prove to be a respite to avert them from committing suicides because they are going to be indebted again. The government should first amend laws related to the farmers if they want marginal  farmers to survive. I don?t think the suicides will stop even after the actual disbursement of the waiver amount,? said farm activist Amar Habib. \r\nThe Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has claimed to have destroyed over 10,000 mosquito breeding grounds across the city in the last six months. A BMC report revealed that over 62 lakh houses were checked for mosquito breeding and ?20 lakh was collected as fine from residents for not adhering to safety standards. \r\nThe insecticide department of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) visited around 62 lakh houses and found more than 10,000 mosquito breeding spots in 8,744 of them over the past six months. Officials said they collected Rs20 lakh in fine from residents who failed to eliminate mosquito breeding spots in their homes.\xa0Rajan Naringrekar, insecticide officer, BMC, said the civic body focussed its efforts on finding breeding grounds of dengue carrier Aedes aegypti and malaria carrier Anopheles stephensi. From January 1 to July 15, 10, 260 breeding spots were found, of which 7,586 had larvae of Aedes aegypti and 2,674 had those of Anopheles stephensi .\xa0?The issue is serious because a single female mosquito lays around 100-150 eggs at a time. She does so four times in her life span, which is three weeks. Negligence could lead to breeding of 400-600 mosquitoes which carry dengue and malaria,? said Naringrekar.\xa0Officials said they visited 62.43 lakh houses in the city, some more than once, to destroy breeding spots. ?Not protecting water tanks, wells and surroundings from mosquitoes were the most common offences,? Naringrekar added.\xa0Data from the past two years suggested that 80% of dengue patients had breeding spots in or around their homes.Naringrekar  said since mosquitoes only breed in fresh water, people can control the spread of the disease right from their own homes. ?We have been advising residents to clean ornamental trees, feng-shui plants, bamboo plants, money plants, plates, pots, refrigerators and air-conditioners regularly to avoid dengue infection. For malaria too, people have to be cautious because the mosquito can breed wherever rainwater accumulates,? he added.\r\nThe New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) has sought an eviction order against the Le Meridien hotel. This comes after NDMC cancelled Le Meridien's licence in March this year over non-payment of license fees amounting to ?523 crore that have accumulated over 30 years. Earlier, NDMC had ordered action against four officials over alleged irregularities in the recovery of dues.\r\nA little over four months after the New Delhi Municipal Council cancelled the licence of Le Meridien hotel over alleged non-payment of dues, the council has moved the estate officer?s court for an eviction order.According to a senior NDMC official, this is the next course of action under the public premises act (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants Act) 1971.The estate officer?s court, which is designated by the Delhi Lieutenant Governor, will conduct the hearing that could take four to five months.?They will seek the hotel?s comments, hear arguments and ultimately pass an order. If the order goes against any party (the hotel or NDMC), they can appeal within 12 days at the district court,? the official said.The NDMC had earlier ordered action against four of its officials over alleged irregularities in the recovery of dues that the five-star hotel owed the civic body. HT had earlier reported how the civic body in its report to the ministry of home affairs recommended major penalties against the officials. In March this year, the luxury hotel?s licence was cancelled by the NDMC over non-payment of dues to the tune of Rs 523 crore.The four have been accused of lowering the dues amount by diluting a formula (to calculate dues) ordered by high court. The four officers mentioned in the report are the then director estate, one deputy director estate, a senior accounts officer and a senior assistant. According to a senior council official, a committee ? including chief vigilance officer, director vigilance, director personnel, secretary, financial advisor and director estate ? conducted the internal probe. In March this year, the council decided to act against Le Meridien over non-payment of licence fees pending for three decades. ?The dispute has been going on since 1982. Till date, the total amount owed by them has accumulated to around Rs 523 crore. Now, in accordance with the Public Premises Eviction Act-1971, the matter is being referred to the NDMC estate officer and the hotel has been declared as an unauthorized occupant. The estate officer will take the final call in this regard,? he said.A spokesperson for Le Meridien, when contacted, said, ?The matter is sub judice, so we would not like to comment on it?.\r\nIn a first, Ghaziabad district administration has set up a women-only Kanwar camp in Modinagar. The camp can accommodate 20 pilgrims and has facilities like toilets, baths, and changing rooms to ensure privacy for the women pilgrims. The camp also has medical facilities and women constables are deployed to ensure the security of the women pilgrims.\r\nIn a first, the Ghaziabad district administration has set up a women-only Kanwar camp in Modi Nagar. Officials said that the camp was set up to ensure privacy to women pilgrims and ensure that no untoward incident takes place, as reported last year.?Last year, a woman pilgrim was taking a bath and a man was scanning his mobile phone in the vicinity when the woman spotted him. She thought that he had taken obscene pictures of her and was adamant that the phone should be destroyed. The tussle went for a couple of hours before the camp owners collected Rs8,000, the cost of the phone, and the phone was crushed in front of the woman,? said Atul Kumar, subdivisional magistrate, Modi Nagar.Since then, it was felt that a separate facility be set up for women pilgrims, officials said.?The camp was also set up as a part of a unique initiative, as directed by the district magistrate. We roped in local associations for setting up the camp. We are planning for more such camps in the future,? Kumar said.The women-only camp can accommodate 20 pilgrims and has facilities of toilets, baths and changing rooms.?Our association is running the camp this year and it has been successful. Recently, we had a doctor couple who were on a pilgrimage in their car. The woman slept in the camp while her husband slept outside, in the car. They both appreciated our efforts,? said Anupreet Kaur, president of ?Ehsas Mahila Samiti,? an NGO working for women?s empowerment.The women-only camp has been erected next to a Kanwar camp at Raj Chopla. The camp includes medical facilities and women constables are also deployed for security.The camp offers the best possible facilities to women pilgrims who walk afoot during the annual Kanwar pilgrimage from Hardiwar to Ghaziabad and beyond, officials said.?Staying here is a unique experience as the camp has separate changing rooms, bathing facility and most importantly, ensures our privacy,? said Guddi Chaudhary, a pilgrim at the camp.It is estimated that 15%?of the Kanwar pilgrims are women. The officials of the district administration said that all Kanwar camps have common facilities for men and women.?We often find women devotees sleeping on roadsides and in other common camps. We appeal to them to make use of our facility. We are also spreading the word so that other Kanwar camps can send women pilgrims here,? said Kalpana Kaushik, another member of the NGO.\r\nThe Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG) has announced plans to auction 20 out of 519 sealed properties of property tax defaulters in the city next month. This comes after MCG offered a rebate and interest waivers on tax dues until July 15. Notably, the MCG has collected over ?400 crore property tax this year, compared to ?387 crore last year.\r\n Property tax defaulters may be forced to consider clearing their dues with the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG), as the civic body has decided to auction 20 properties of defaulters on August 8 after failing to recover the arrears.The MCG has sealed 519 buildings in the city, all of which now face the possibility of being auctioned off.?Any building or land situated within the jurisdiction of the MCG is liable to property tax. To encourage and assist taxpayers, rebate schemes have been in place since February. However, many residents chose to decline the offer and not make their payments. Hence, as per Section 130 (manner of recovering tax or fee) of the Haryana Municipal Act 1994, tax defaulters were issued multiple notices on their property tax dues. Since, they failed to clear their dues despite these measures, the MCG will now consider selling their properties to recover its dues.? SS Rohilla, spokesperson of MCG, said.The 20 properties are located at DLF Phase 4, sectors 43, 48, 57, 14, 16, Udyog Vihar Phase 5, Udyog Vihar Phase 4, Udyog Vihar Phase 1, Gadoli, Kherki Daula, Pace City 2 and Amar Colony.Incidentally, HT story last week had highlighted that MCG officials are pondering over auctioning 14 properties for recovering property tax dues.Read I Gurgaon: MCG extends deadline for property tax payment till April 30MCG officials were due to start the auctioning process from May 20, but seeing high recovery due to rebate schemes, it deferred the process indefinitely and introduced more such schemes till July 15. So far, this year, the MCG has collected over ?400 crore in property tax against ?387 crore netted last year. FIR filed against two for thrashing MCG staffMCG officials filed a FIR with Phase2 police station against two people for thrashing their staff while they were catching stray animals during its campaign at Nathupur on Wednesday.According to MCG officials, the accused were identified as Kalu and Sundar. Both are residents of Nathupur. As per MCG officials, when they started their operation, a group of 15-20 people came out with  batons, hockey sticks and iron rods and demanded that the officials stop catching stray animals, as they claimed the animals belonged to them.Soon, the two accused allegedly started thrashing four MCG officials, who suffered minor injuries.?Stray animals are a nuisance in the city as they block roads and cause snarls. Any kind of obstruction during MCG?s campaign directed at stray animals will not be tolerated and legal action will follow,? MCG Commissioner V Umashankar said.\r\nSudhir Makkar, popularly known as 'Golden Baba', wears over 14 kg of gold, including 21 gold chains, 21 lockets of deities, armlets and sometimes a gold jacket, on the Kanwar Yatra. He also wears a ?27-lakh Rolex watch and is accompanied by 18 bouncers and eight security officers in his 16-car caravan during the yatra.\r\nGolden Baba, who is famous for participating in Kanwar Yatra wearing gold ornaments, has added a gold chain weighing two kilograms to his collection. Baba aka Sudhir Makkar is well known throughout the 200km yatra route from Hardwar to Delhi.The addition of the chain has taken Baba?s gold ornaments to about 14.5kgs which include a collection of 21 gold chains, 21 lockets of deities, armlets and even a gold jacket which he wears sometimes during the yatra sitting atop his SUV which is one among the cavalcade of 16 vehicles that accompany him.?The new chain weighs two kgs and has a locket of Shiva. I am not wearing much gold on this journey as its weight has affected my nerves at the neck and also affected vision of one eye. This is my penultimate Kanwar Yatra and 2018 will be last ending with a silver jubilee,? Baba said.Apart from his fetish for gold, Baba also wears a Rolex watch worth Rs 27 lakh and owns a BMW, three Fortuners, two Audi and two Innova vehicles which are part of his cavalcade. On several occasions, he has taken cars such as Hummer, Jaguar and Land Rover on rent for his trip to Haridwar.?The love for gold and cars will not die. I remember it was in 1972-73 when gold price was Rs 200 per tola (10 grams). I started wearing gold items and had nearly four tolas that time. Gradually, the gold increased. I will keep the gold with me till I die. It will be handed over to my favourite disciple when I leave the world,? said the 55-year-old.Before moving to spiritualism, Makkar ran a successful cloth and property business from the Gandhi Nagar market in Delhi. He now has a luxurious flat at a high-rise in Indirapuram, Ghaziabad.The initial years of life were, however, difficult for him. He went to a gurukul at the age of six and went to Haridwar in search of livelihood. He sold rosary beads and cloth on pavements.?Later, my business flourished with the grace of lord Shiva. I sold jeans, shirts and jackets with the brand name Bittu. Even the property business flourished as I got completely devoted to Shiva,? he said.These days Baba travels along with a team of 18 bouncers and eight security officers who keep an eye on his gold while he is on the move. Popular also as Shri Mahant Ji Golden Puri Babaji, Makkar said that he still has a lot of property in Delhi. His disciples estimate that Baba, who has no children, owns property worth over Rs 150 crore.Baba is a popular figure in the annual pilgrimage. Children, women and youngster wait eagerly for his cavalcade to arrive on erstwhile NH-58. They make his videos, click selfies with him and even touch his feet for blessings.?It is out of affection that everyone loves me, more so as I wear gold. Throughout the route, people from all communities, including Muslims, shower love on me and cheer me up,? he said.His participation, however, keeps the local police officers on toes.?He often stops midway and we have to rush to make arrangements for his security. It is tough as he has a large number of cars and other vehicles in his cavalcade. Our arrangements are in place and we hope that his last yatra will also be successful and without hindrance,? said Atul Kumar, sub divisional magistrate, Modi Nagar.\r\nAn employees union of retired Air India personnel on Wednesday termed the airline's privatisation as "unpatriotic" and "illogical" in a letter to the Civil Aviation Ministry. The union said the decision is taken in haste, at a time when the airline is on the verge of becoming profitable. It also proposed that the government waive Air India's ?52,000-crore debt.\r\nThe employees union of Air India representing retired its personnel on Wednesday termed the government?s move to privatise the airline ?unpatriotic? and ?illogical? in a letter to civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju.The letter also says that the the government?s priority should be to restructure the airline?s huge debt.The All India Airlines Retired Personnel Association (AIARPA), which has written the letter, represents nearly 11,000 former employees of Air India.?Why has the government announced the decision to privatise AI ? a decision taken in great haste ? just at a time when the airline is on the verge of becoming profitable.?The move is unpatriotic as well as not logical at this point of time,? the union said in the letter.For the first time in a decade, the airline posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore in 2015-2016. It rose to Rs 300 crore in 2016-2017.?For now the restructuring of debt be carried out,? said the letter.Read | Ahead of privatisation, loss-making Air India could offer buyouts to employeesThe union also proposed that the government could waive Air India?s Rs 52,000 crore debt so that it can ?forge ahead? like it plans to do to make the national carrier attractive for a private player.It also claims that private investors are ?interested? in AI because it is operationally profitable, has a large fleet of aircraft, a profitable low-cost international carrier like Air India Express, profitable ground handling services, and prime slots at airports around the country and the world, among other factors.?The real reform needed is for compensating for costs incurred in implementing specific government policies not in line with their commercial objectives,? adds the letter.  \r\nSinger Ed Sheeran revealed that he didn't quit Twitter after being slammed for his cameo in the seventh season of HBO television series Game of Thrones. "I'm in Game of Thrones, why the hell would I worry what people thought about that...timing was just a coincidence, but believe what you want," wrote Sheeran in an Instagram post.\r\nSinger Ed Sheeran insists he didn?t quit Twitter because of the negative reaction to his Game of Thrones cameo and says it was just a coincidence.The 26-year-old Galway Girl hitmaker says he isn?t worried about what other people think of his role.?Last I?ll say on this. I came off Twitter Coz I was always intending to come off Twitter, had nothing to do with what people said about my game of thrones cameo, because I am in game of thrones, why the hell would I worry what people thought about that. It?s clearly awesome. Timing was just a coincidence, but believe what you want (sic),? reads a post on his Instagram.This comes after the episode?s director Jeremy Podeswa defended Sheeran?s appearance.?I think Ed did a lovely job - he?s a lovely actor and a lovely person. He was appropriate for the part because he needed to sing. If people didn?t know who Ed was, they wouldn?t have thought about it twice.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nRajya Sabha Deputy Chairman PJ Kurien on Thursday said airlines have no authority to impose a flying ban on anybody, including parliamentarians. The remark came in response to the issue raised by MP Naresh Agrawal about the recent bans on parliamentarians. If any MP does something against the law, the law of the land should take its course, Kurien added.\r\nAirlines have no authority to impose flying ban on anybody, including parliamentarians, and the law of the land should take its course, Rajya Sabha deputy chairman PJ Kurien said on Thursday.The remarks came after SP member Naresh Agrawal raised the issue of recent flying ban imposed by major domestic airlines, including state-owned Air India.Agrawal wanted to know if the airlines could impose such restrictions. According to him, such an action was a breach of privilege of the Members of Parliament.To this, Kurien said agreed that Agrawal has raised a ?valid point? that if any MP has committed a crime or something against the law, the law of the land should take its course.?Airlines are not given the authority to punish anybody. I think the government should take note of it.?MPs are also citizens ... if they commit a crime or mistake, the law of the land should take recourse to it,? the deputy chairman said.He further said ?it is a punishment imposed on an MP for some crime...This cannot be done. This is not a thing to be punished by airlines?.Congress MP Anand Sharma suggested to the deputy chairman that the word ?crime? should be replaced with ?violation?.However, Kurien said if a person beats up someone, it is a crime.Different airlines on Wednesday lifted the flying ban on TDP lawmaker JC Diwakar Reddy after ?urgent? notices from the court to the government and the aviation regulator DGCA on the lawmaker?s plea against the action of domestic carriers.On June 15, Reddy got into a verbal spat with IndiGo ground staff at Visakhapatnam airport and threw a printer kept at the airline counter after he was informed that boarding for his flight to Hyderabad had closed.Reddy was the second MP after Shiv Sena?s Ravindra Gaikwad who was banned from flying domestic airlines. A flying ban was imposed on Gaikwad in March this year after he repeatedly hit an Air India officer with slippers for not providing him a business class seat on an all-economy flight.The ban was lifted after a fortnight following an undertaking from him that he would desist from such conduct in future. \r\nPassengers flying to and from Delhi's Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport can claim a refund of excess airport charges paid as part of their airfare for travel after July 7, according to reports. This comes after a recent tariff order slashing User Development Fee (UDF) for domestic passengers to ?10 from ?275-550, and to ?45 for international passengers from ?635-1,270.\r\nPassengers flying to and from the Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport here after July 7 can claim a refund of excess airport charges paid as part of their airfare, according to aviation regulator DGCA.This follows a recent tariff order slashing User Development Fee (UDF) for domestic passengers flying out of Delhi airport to Rs10 from Rs275-550.The levy was reduced to Rs45 from Rs635-1,270 for international travellers flying out of IGI.Both domestic and international passengers landing in Delhi will not have to pay the UDF anymore.Domestic passengers travelling after July 7 can claim a refund within 45 days, while international travellers have 60 days, according to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation?s notification dated July 18.After the deadline, the unclaimed amount will be remitted by the airlines to the airport operator.However, passengers who have booked their tickets on or before July 7 but are yet to commence their travel are not required to file for refund as airlines have been instructed to initiate the refund process on their own.The Airports Economic Regulatory Authority had ordered a steep cut in airport levy in December 2015 but its implementation was pending because the Delhi airport operator approached the Delhi High Court against the slashing of charges, after which the court ordered a stay.Air India challenged this in the Supreme Court which vacated the stay order, offering relief for passengers.\r\nUttar Pradesh Police on Wednesday asked local vendors and restaurant owners in Greater Noida not to prepare or serve non-vegetarian food for a week during the period of Kanwar Yatra. Reportedly, the police have taken this decision because the number of pilgrims returning from Haridwar has increased this year and they only prefer vegetarian food. \r\nYou must've seen "Shiva Bhakts" walking around in orange attires, carrying things on their shoulders, on streets around your home and office of late. These people are kanwariyas, and right now is that time of the year where they do their "religious duties".Not only has a major chunk of the traffic going in and out of Noida been diverted because of these bhakts' devotion, our food choices are going to be affected too now.On Wednesday, UP police asked local roadside vendors and restaurant owners in Greater Noida (Dadri) not to serve or prepare non-vegetarian food. Why? Because, kanwar yatra. And kanwariyas prefer only pure vegetarian food.The police's justification for bringing this into practice this year is that the number of pilgrims returning from Haridwar to Greater Noida has increased this year.Ram Sen Singh, SHO, Dadri police station, told Times of India, "We have also removed vendors serving non-vegetarian food. They will be off the road till the religious season of kanwar yatra is on."\r\nJournalists were barred access to the wife of recently deceased Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo by Chinese agents. Earlier, Chinese authorities had said Liu Xia, who has been under effective house arrest since her husband won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010, was free to leave the country if she wishes. Xiaobo died of liver cancer earlier this month.\r\nChinese authorities claim Liu Xia is a free woman. But one week after the death of her husband, the Nobel laureate and democracy activist Liu Xiaobo, a visit to the couple?s Beijing home immediately gives the lie to that claim.Within seconds of arriving at the tree-lined property on Wednesday, the Guardian was surrounded by plain-clothes security agents, shouting orders and questions, demanding that its reporters leave.?Where are you going? Where are you going?? snapped one man, wearing black Bermuda shorts and Adidas Superstars, as he used his body to block the path that leads to the fourth-floor flat. A second agent arrived, also clad in black, and then a third, brandishing a golden Chinese smartphone with which he threatened to call the police. Asked if Liu Xia was at home he said: ?I have never heard of her.?He went on: ?There are thousands of people living here with that name. How should I know which one you are talking about??In the lead-up to the death of her jailed husband, Liu Xia had been forced to endure almost seven years of unofficial house arrest ? Communist party retribution, observers say, for her husband?s 2010 Nobel peace prize.Now, with Liu gone, the 56-year-old artist and poet appears to have been thrust straight back into that invisible prison.Rumours have swirled that Liu ? last seen in propaganda photographs of her husband?s cremation and sea burial on Saturday ? had been forcibly ?travelled? to the southwestern province of Yunnan to prevent her speaking out.On Thursday, however, supporters admitted her whereabouts were a mystery.?She?s totally incommunicado,? said Jared Genser, a US human rights lawyer who has campaigned on behalf of the late dissident and his wife. ?It seems like she has fallen off the face of the Earth.?Hu Jia, a Beijing-based activist and friend, also said he was in the dark: ?We?ve tried every means possible to contact her.?In the hours after the death of Liu, who was serving an 11-year prison sentence for subversion when he was diagnosed with terminal cancer in late May, there were calls from activists and western governments for Liu Xia to be given safe passage out of China.?I now urge [Beijing] to lift all restrictions on his widow, Liu Xia,? the British foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, said in a statement.China, however, has shown no sign of backing down, instead insisting, contrary to the evidence, that Liu Xia ? who has never been accused or convicted of any crime ? is ?free?.Friends and supporters say that is a mendacious fabrication designed to conceal her continued extra-legal incarceration. ?I think she?s in an even worse position than before,? said Genser.?Her husband is dead. We are not aware that she has any contact with anybody at all. Her parents have both passed away. Her brother is also incommunicado and disappeared. And she is the only person now who can speak to what she heard from Liu Xiaobo in the last seven years of her being under house arrest and in his final weeks of life.?Jerry Cohen, an expert in Chinese law and human rights from New York University, said he believed the rulers of one-party China would be reluctant to release Liu Xia in case she became a figurehead of resistance.?The wife who has to suffer for the political views of her husband has always been a figure to attract sympathy. But she is much more,? he said. ?She is an extraordinarily able and determined person and they feel they shouldn?t allow her to speak ? She is too potent a symbol.?On Wednesday it was impossible to know whether that symbol was inside her apartment, outside of which security agents lurked in a black SUV.Plain-clothes agents guarding the leafy residential compound grew increasingly jittery and aggressive as they tried to force journalists away from the property. ?You should get out!? growled one of the officers, losing his temper at repeated questions about the dissident?s missing wife.?Go! Go! Go!? shouted his colleague.Earlier in the week journalists from the Spanish news agency EFE reported being grabbed and threatened by unidentified men and held by police after trying to visit Liu Xia?s home. Police reportedly accused the journalists of working in an ?illegal manner?. Genser said Liu Xia?s disappearance meant world leaders such as Donald Trump, Emmanuel Macron, Angela Merkel and Theresa May had no choice but to challenge Chinese president Xi Jinping. ?This is enough: this is enough punishment to heap on the back of one woman for having done nothing other than marry her own husband.?Genser warned that a failure to speak up now would signal to Beijing that it was ?open season? on Chinese human rights activists.?Xi Jinping has squeezed so incredibly hard and with no pushback from the international community. The message that is sent to the Chinese is: ?Just do whatever you like. The world will look the other way?.?Additional reporting by Wang Zhen\r\nA 12-year-old girl was mowed down by an Army vehicle in south Kashmir's Shopian on Thursday, the police said. "Aroofa Farooq...was hit and injured by an Army vehicle near her residence this morning," an official said. Protests erupted in the area after she succumbed to her injuries after being taken to a hospital.\r\nA nine-year-old girl was fatally hit by an Army vehicle at Aglar village in Shopian district, South Kashmir, on Thursday. Police have registered an FIR against the driver, a member of the 55 Rashtriya Rifles.Arooba Farooq ? a Class 2 student ? was rushed to the sub-district hospital in Zainapora, where she succumbed to her injuries. ?Arooba was heading to school when she stopped to buy snacks for herself. That was when the vehicle hit her,? a relative told mediapersons.Witnesses alleged that the driver did not stop immediately after hitting the girl.However, a senior police officer told Hindustan Times that the girl was rushed to the hospital in the same vehicle. ?The accident happened in the morning, and there was Army movement at the time,? he added.Violent protests erupted as soon as news of Arooba?s death spread. Scores of people were injured, and Army personnel used tear gas shells to disperse the protesters.\r\nSinger Madonna has halted the auction of her personal items, including a pair of underwear and some private letters as a judge ruled in her favour. "The fact that I may have attained celebrity status as a result of success in my career does not obviate my right to maintain my privacy," said Madonna. \r\nMadonna stopped the sale of a break-up letter sent to her by former boyfriend Tupac Shakur from prison after filing a request on Tuesday with the New York supreme court for a temporary restraining order against auction house Gotta Have It! Collectibles.Darlene Lutz, a former friend and art consultant of Madonna?s, consigned to auction various items the star was unaware were no longer in her possession, including a pair of underwear, several personal photos, an old checkbook and multiple letters, one sent by Tupac and another in which the she supposedly calls Whitney Houston and Sharon Stone ?horribly mediocre?.The auction house released a statement to Reuters calling Madonna?s attempts to halt the sale ?completely baseless and meritless?, adding that they believe ?her intent is nothing more than to besmirch the good reputations of the auction house and Ms Lutz?.The singer and Tupac briefly dated in the 1990s before the legendary rapper?s 1996 death at the age of 25 in a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas. In the break-up letter Tupac writes: ?For you to be seen with a black man wouldn?t in any way jeopardize your career ? if anything it would make you seem that much more open and exciting. But for me, at least in my previous perception, I felt due to my ?image,? I would be letting down half of the people who made me what I thought I was. I never meant to hurt you.?In another letter addressed to ?J,? believed to indicate the actor John Enos with whom Madonna also had a brief relationship, she writes that ?it?s so unequivocally frustrating to read that Whitney Houston has the music career I wish I had and Sharon Stone has the film career I?ll never have?. It continues, ?Not because I want to be these women because I?d rather die, but they?re so horribly mediocre and they?re always being held up as paragons of virtue and some sort of measuring stick to humiliate me.? The letter was expected to fetch up to $5,000.In court documents, Madonna alleges that Lutz ?betrayed my trust in an outrageous effort to obtain my possessions without my knowledge or consent.? Gotta Have It! Collectibles and Lutz have stated they will challenge the Like a Virgin singer?s claims in court.The auction is slated to begin on 19 July, with many of the items, including old articles of clothing, jewelry, and lyric sheets, still available.\r\nIndian shuttler Parupalli Kashyap knocked out top seed Lee Hyun Il in the men's singles opening round of the US Open Grand Prix Gold badminton tournament in Anaheim on Wednesday. Kashyap defeated the world rank 15, 21-16, 10-21, 21-19, in a match that lasted for an hour and three minutes. Kashyap next faces Hungary's Gergely Krausz.\r\nCommonwealth Games champion Parupalli Kashyap knocked out top seed Lee Hyun Il  in the men?s singles opening round of the US Open Grand Prix Gold badminton tournament in Anaheim on Thursday.On a comeback trail after recovering from a shoulder injury, Kashyap dished out a gritty performance to stave off the challenge from World No. 15 Lee 21-16 10-21 21-19 in a match that lasted an hour and three minutes.Fifth seed Sameer Verma, who also is making a comeback after recovering from a shoulder problem, made a positive start to his campaign by defeating Vietnam?s Hoang Nam Nguyen 21-5 21-10 in another men?s singles match.Second seed H S Prannoy, who was in rampaging form at Indonesia Super Series Premier, also reached the second round after beating Austria?s Luka Wraber 21-12 21-16, while Harsheel Dani brushed aside Mexico?s Arturo Hernandez 21-13 21-9 in another match.READ?|?Doping - IAAF clears 8 Russian athletes to compete as neutrals, 53 declinedWorld No. 59 Kashyap will face Hungary?s Gergely Krausz, former National champion Sameer will take on Crotia?s Zvonimir Durkinjak, Prannoy will meet Ireland?s Joshua Magee and Dani will square off against Vietnam?s Tien Minh Nguyen.In women?s singles, Rituparna Das defeated Canada?s Rachel Honderich 21-16 21-18 and Sri Krishna Priya Kudaravalli beat USA?s Maya Chen 21-13 21-16.However, it was curtains for Lakhanee Sarang, Abhishek Yelegar, Sai Uttejitha Rao Chukka, Reshma Karthik and Ruthvika Shivani Gadde.Lakhanee lost 16-21 13-21 to Kenta Nishimoto of Japan, Abhishek suffered a narrow 17-21 21-16 13-21 loss to third seed Brice Leverdez of France and Netherlands? Gayle Mahulette ended Sai Uttejitha Rao?s campaign 23-25 21-13 21-16.Massive Indian challenge in #USAGPG! These shuttlers successfully crossed the first hurdle.?? pic.twitter.com/IAju8kbkaM? BAI Media (@BAI_Media) July 20, 2017Ruthvika also put up a gallant fight before losing 14-21 27-25 16-21 to Japan?s Aya Ohori and Reshma?s fight too ended with a heart-breaking 21-12 16-21 15-21 loss against Sofie Holmboe Dahl of Denmark in the opening round.In men?s doubles, Manu Attri and B Sumeeth Reddy defeated Canada?s Jason Anthony Ho-Shue and Nyl Yakura 21-15 21-19, while Francis Alwin and Tarun Kona beat local combo of Yan Tuck Chan and Brian Chi Cheng 21-3 21-10.READ?|?Manpreet Kaur suspended for doping, to miss World ChampionshipsWomen?s doubles pair of Meghana Jakkampudi and Poorvisha S Ram defeated Japan?s Rira Kawashima and Saori Ozaki 21-16 14-21 21-14, while Manu and Maneesha beat Canadian combo of Nyl Yakura and Brittney Tam 21-13 21-15 in mixed doubles competition.Third seed Pranaav Jerry Chopra and N Sikki Reddy lost 21-19 19-21 17-21 to English pair of Ben Lane and Jessica Pugh in mixed doubles.Women?s doubles pair of Kuhoo Garg and Ningshi Block Hazarika lost 12-21 10-21 to Russia pair of Anastasia Chervyakova and Olga Morozova.Fourth seeds Satwiksairaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty too suffered a 21-8 19-21 19-21 loss to Kohei Gondo and Tatsuya Watanabe of Japan.Vietnam?s Tuan Duc Do and Nhu Thao Pham ended the campaign of Tarun and Meghana 21-15 21-17 in another mixed doubles match.\r\nThe South Delhi Municipal Corporation (SDMC) has reportedly authorised its health and sanitation officials to fine people defecating in the open. Violators will be fined on the spot and the fine amount has been fixed at ?50. "Besides issuing challans, we will educate such people with the help of NGOs," SDMC Commissioner Puneet Goel said.\r\nTo prevent open defecation, the South Delhi Municipal Corporation has issued a circular authorising its health and sanitation officials to fine the violators on the spot. The fine amount has been fixed at Rs 50, as per a circular issued by SDMC. All deputy commissioners have been asked to ensure compliance of these directions. The step has been taken in compliance with Supreme Court?s order (in 2000) to recover charges from person littering or throwing rubbish and causing nuisance so as to affect the sanitation and public health, said officials.?Though we have been making all efforts to make our area open defecation free, it is also important to make the people habitual of using public toilet complexes. Unfortunately, people living close to railway tracks still defecate in open. Besides issuing challans, we will educate such people with the help of NGOs,? said South DMC commissioner Puneet Goel.To change the behaviour of public toilet users, the Union ministry of urban development in collaboration of the SDMC launched Swachh Shauchalaya Campaign on Wednesday. It was launched by cricketer Suresh Raina ? one of the Brand Ambassadors of Swachh Bharat Mission. ?More than the construction of public toilets, it is their effective maintenance which is the biggest challenge. Users often don?t flush, leave the toilet dirty and the theft of bulbs, taps, bins, door etc is also common. The campaign aims to change the behaviour, inculcate a sense of responsibility and ownership,? said DS Mishra, secretary UD ministry. North DMC targets to make all wards open defecation free by year endThe North Delhi Municipal Corporation has declared 90 wards open defecation free on Wednesday. These are the areas where arrangements for public toilets and mobile toilet vans have already been made, claimed officials.In rest of 14 wards, the civic agency has proposed to construct nine community toilet complexes with provision for 180 seats. The places where these would be constructed include Sawda-Ghevra, Bawana and Nareala area. ?The work has already been initiated and expected to be completed by October 2017. Besides, Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board  has promised to construct 2241 seats toilet facilities December, 2017,? said Preety Agarwal, mayor, North DMC.Municipal Commissioner, Praveen Gupta said that additional facility of 302 number of seats would be created, out of which 112 number of seats are constructed. ?In 48 toilets, 96 seats are exclusively for ladies. These are likely to be completed by September 2017.?\r\nNDA's presidential candidate and former Bihar Governor Ram Nath Kovind was elected India's 14th President on Thursday. He secured a vote value of 7,02,044, over 65% of the total 10,98,882. He defeated the Congress-led Opposition candidate Meira Kumar, who managed to get a vote value of 3,67,314. Kovind is India's second Dalit President, after KR Narayanan.\r\nGiving India its second Dalit president, former Bihar Governor Ram Nath Kovind today won the presidential election with a comfortable margin against Opposition nominee Meira Kumar.After final round of counting, Ram Nath Kovind got 2,930 votes with a value of 702,044 out of a total of 10,69,358. Incumbent Pranab Mukerhjee's last day as president will be on July 24 and Kovind's oath-taking as India's 14th president will be on the day after.President-elect Ram Nath Kovind will be administered oath by the Chief Justice of India Jagdish Singh Khehar in the Central Hall of Parliament.Pranab Mukherjee had also taken charge on July 25, 2012.NDA nominee #RamNathKovind wins the #PresidentialPolls, says Returning Officer Anoop Mishra (File) pic.twitter.com/pJjsC213PVBesides parties belonging to the NDA, Janata Dal-United (JD-U), Biju Janata Dal, Telengana Rashtra Samithi in Telangana, different factions of AIADMK, and the YSR Congress (1.53 per cent) also had announced their backing for Kovind.Congress-led Opposition parties have a little over 35 per cent share in the electoral college.Ram Nath Kovind will now be the second Dalit President of India after KR Narayanan. Congratulating Kovind, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah said his victory is historic.I am sure Shri Ram Nath Kovind ji will distinguish himself as an exceptional President of our nation.The election of Shri Ram Nath Kovind ji is a victory for the poor, downtrodden & marginalised and their aspirations.20 years ago and the present\xe2?\xa6always been a privilege to know you, President Elect. pic.twitter.com/IkhnOtYf8NCelebrations in Madhya Pradesh's Guna at the house of President elect #RamNathKovind's brother. pic.twitter.com/yQdPiSh4lW"This is a very emotional moment," Kovind told reporters after being elected President of India. "This is a very big responsibility for me.""It is my duty to protect the Constitution and uphold its values as the President. I pay my respects to my countrymen and assure them that I'll serve the nation in the spirit of 'Sarve Bhavantu Sukhinah' (May all be happy)," he said. President elections 2017 LIVE: Ram Nath Kovind wins race to Rashtrapati Bhavan with 66 percent votes\r\nFilmmaker Shyam Benegal said the media should question Information and Broadcasting (I&B) Minister Smriti Irani on what happened to the report submitted by the special committee, which he heads, for reforming the Censor Board. Benegal added, "Why haven't they taken any action on the proposed changes?" The report had suggested that board should not impose censoring but only certify movies.\r\nIn the wake of recent controversies where several filmmakers have locked horns with the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC), a fresh debate has been triggered by filmmaker Shyam Benegal meeting with the officials at the Information & Broadcasting Ministry. The filmmaker met the ministry officials to check the status of the report submitted by a special committee led by him in 2016, which suggested that CBFC should limit its functioning to issuing certificates to movies and not impose censoring.While Benegal is hopeful that government will push the much required revamping of the CBFC and introduce changes in the archaic Cinematograph Act 1952, we contacted him to for clarity on any deadline given by the ministry. He tells us, ?We submitted the report in two parts?in April and October last years?and they are yet to take any action. I?ve been after them for the last 10 days but I can?t talk much because I have sworn to maintain the confidentiality of the subject until the ministry itself reacts.?He adds, ?I?d urge you to get in touch with the Joint Secretary or the secretary of the ministry or even the minister Ms. Smriti Irani and ask them what happened to the report and why haven?t they taken any action on the proposed changes.?The committee has proposed amendments such as introducing a new category called ?adult with caution? and sub-dividing existing categories into UA 12+ and UA 15+ to make the content accessible to appropriate audience. If we don?t have a rating system in between UA and A, we will suggest cuts otherwise we can?t certify.Reacting to the points mentioned in the report, Pahlaj Nihalani, CBFC chairman says, ?What the Shyam Benegal report says, I don?t agree with that because he?s not demanding the right things. If we don?t have a rating system in between UA and A, so definitely we will suggest them cuts otherwise we can?t certify [the film].?With an underlined sarcasm, Nihalani adds, ?A wrong interpretation by some unknowledgeable people that CBFC is just a certification body, as along with that there?s an act and rulebook also, which you can?t forget.?While all this is still being debated upon, we asked film frat if it?s about time that censor board should be revamped and new changed be introduced.If certification is specifically categorized, audience can self-censor  what they?d like to consumeStating that it?s ?pathetically regressive? to have an appointed board deciding on creative cuts, filmmaker Homi Adajania opines, ?It?s bizarre that some pseudo-intellectual diktat can be passed allowing a screen kiss to linger for six seconds but not eight! What happens in those two seconds? It?s all just so freaking backward.? He adds, ?If certification is specifically categorized, audience can self-censor what they?d like to consume, knowing what the film?s rating stands for and through this they will not be offended by the content.?Director Ruchi Narain, whose animated film Hanuman ?Da Damdaar faced censorship issues, quips, ?It?s the simple truth. Government should govern. Reporters should report. Film makers should make films. Certification board should certify. If you start censoring everything, you turn blank and have nothing to say.?Ruling out any possibility that Bollywood can ever be free from censorship, filmmaker Hansal Mehta says it?s sad that there?s no will to actually bring about a change. ?I heard about this draft for a bill being proposed, which will be studied by the cabinet. But when will it be tabled in the Parliament? When will it actually go through?? asks Mehta.We?ll have to push our artistic boundaries in a way that we can work within the guidelines and parameters of CBFC?Every time there a furor around a film, there?s some spoken gesture that comes through but there?s no action. I have this sinking feeling that we?ll have to live with censorship that has existed since CBFC came into existence and Cinematograph Act was formed in 1952. So, we?ll have to push our artistic boundaries in a way that we can work within the guidelines and parameters of CBFC,? he adda.In support of Shyam Benegal committee report, film critic Omar Qureshi says, ?Censorship rules and regulations are as archaic as it gets and these new recommendations are an upgradation on the lines of the American association that has PG13 and PG18 and ?approved for all audiences? as per guidelines set for movies depending upon language and adult and violence quotient. And in any case, the word ?censor? is wrong. The body was always meant to guide and certify. Never censor. It reduces the freedom of expression to naught. Words like censorship are used in non democratic countries. Not in our great grey democracy.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Rashtrapati Bhavan, the residence of India's President, took 17 years to finish building, and was earlier the Viceroy's House. The complex has a total of 340 rooms, spread over four floors, and an area of 2,00,000 square feet. A part of the complex are the Mughal Gardens, one of the world's best rose gardens with over 150 varieties.\r\nRam Nath Kovind, the BJP's candidate for the presidential election, secured an easy win against Opposition pick Meira Kumar today to be elected as the 14th President of India. \xa0 The former Bihar governor, who was born in Kanpur, will take the oath of office on July 25 and move to Rashtrapati Bhavan. Outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee will leave for his new residence at 10, Rajaji Marg.When Ram Nath Kovind enters Rashtrapati Bhavan, he will step into a building that was transformed from an imperial mansion into an institution of democracy on January 26, 1950. When Dr Rajendra Prasad occupied the building as country's first President, the Viceroy's House was renamed as Rashtrapati Bhavan. THE MAKING OF RASHTRAPATI BHAVANThe initial amount sanctioned for the construction of Rashtrapati Bhavan was 400,000 pounds. It took 17 years to finish building the Rashtrapati Bhavan in 1929 and by then the construction cost had escalated to 877,136 pounds (In 1929, this was Rs 1.28 crore approx).Add to that the cost of constructing Mughal Garden and the staff quarters, the total cost of building the entire Rashtrapati Bhavan complex stood at Rs 1.4 crore approx.The Rashtrapati Bhavan has a total of 340 rooms spread on four floors. The mansion has a floor area of 200,000 square feet and was built with 700 million bricks and three million cubic feet of stone. The Rashtrapati Bhavan was built using almost no steel. THE INDO-EUROPEAN ARCHITECTUREEdwin Lutyens acknowledged the influence of Roman architecture in Rashtrapati Bhavan. Yet, the building also reflects various motifs from Indian architecture, such as chhatris and jaalis. Temple bells have been used in the pillars of Rashtrapati Bhavan, an idea that came from a Jain temple in Moodabidri in Karnataka. THE MUGHAL GARDENThe Mughal Garden boasts of 250 varieties of roses, making it one of the best rose gardens in the world. Ram Nath Kovind will organise 'At Homes' on Republic Day and Independence Day every year in the Central Lawn.The lawns in the main garden are covered with 'Doob' grass which was originally brought from Belvedere Estate in Kolkata. Peacocks are a regular sight at the Mughal Garden, while once in a while a cormorant can also be spotted. PRESIDENT's BODYGUARDThe President's Bodyguard was raised in 1773 by then Governor Warren Hastings in Benares. The regiment was formed as a select cavalry unit with the role to "act as bodyguard to the governor in peace and to accompany him as Commander-in-Chief in battle". The President's Bodyguard excel in ceremonial procedures, are trained as combat paratroopers and armoured vehicle crewmen.THE PRESIDENTIAL RETREATSThe President of India has two retreats in the country--one in Mashobra, Shimla and the other in Bolarum, Hyderabad. Ram Nath Kovind, who was denied entry to the Retreat Building in Shimla two months ago, is set to be the custodian of the presidential retreat. The presidential retreat in Shimla is an entirely wooden structure and is located on the hill top of Mashobra. The presidential retreat in Hyderabad, called the Rashtrapati Nilayam, is an 1860-built building with 11 rooms. The building was taken over from the Nizam of Hyderabad after Independence and handed over to President's secretariat. The President stays at both the retreats at least once in a year. ALSO READ:Ram Nath Kovind vs Meira Kumar: How votes are counted and President-elect is declared \r\nTelevision actor Karan Wahi has slammed the serial Pehredaar Piya Ki, which shows a 9-year-old boy marrying an adult woman, who is said to be his 'bodyguard'. Wahi wrote in a Facebook post, "Don't sell me stupidity in the name of content which gives TRP because honestly no one is watching this." He added, "We can be better than this."\r\nTelevision actor Karan Wahi has expressed his disappointment at the makers of Pehredaar Piya Ki, Sony?s new daily soap, for showing a romantic angle between an adult woman and a preteen boy.Wahi took to Facebook to share his concern on the quality of content being shown on television. ?Dear producer and channel, I understand we cant make shows like How I Met Your Mother and Friends, and honestly I don?t expect us to also, but for the love of god and for the reason we all got in this industry please don?t sell me stupidity in the name of content which gives TRP because honestly no one is watching this,? he wrote in the post.?Leave aside other people, I think the fraternity only doesn?t (watch the show). I wish and pray well for everyone who is a part of this show also but it would be great if we started enjoying our work and not just working because we don?t have an option. Not to sound arrogant but we can be better than this,? he added.Pehredaar Piya Ki aired its first episode on Monday. It tells the story of a 9-year-old prince who is put under the care and security of his adult wife. Even the promos, when released about a month ago, got a lot of flak for showing a romantic relationship between a child and an adult. The trailer showed child actor Afaan Khan put vermillion on Tejaswi Prakash, causing a furore among viewers.The show?s synopsis on YouTube reads: ?While Diya takes up her duty of a wife and willfully commits to the relationship, Ratan is enamored by her beauty and considers her to be a pari from the fairy tales he has heard from his Maasa. Though being a miss matched couple, both create a comfortable world for themselves. While 9-year-old husband tries to cheer up his wife Diya with his cute gestures, Diya keeps up the promise to protect him and nurture their relationship. Will Diya and Ratan rewrite the pages of history with their love story? Is age only a number when it comes to finding true love? Watch the unfolding of a beautiful fairytale as Pehredaar Piya Ki presents the most unique Jodi on Indian television.?    Pehredaar Piya Ki ?? ?? @tejasswiprakash baby smile :) plz ?? Guys watever @imkaranwahi said its his pov no1 can question him neither me nor you guys. But this doesnt change the fact that WE the whole team of #PPK we love this show and we all have worked really hard for it and we still are andddd we will ?? our motive is to entertain you guys not promote child marriage or anything. This show is different , plz dont judge it and jump onto conclusions ?? If a channel like @sonytvofficial has approved the show they must have thought something right ??? Even d producers must have thought a lot before making this and investing soo much money ?? its my req to all,plz watch it first and then decide :) maybe m wrong MAYBE :) but lets wait n then decide. Love to all ???? n thanku for sucha good response for the frst epi .?? @tejasswiprakash baby smile :) plz ?? A post shared by Suyyash Ranjana Rai (@suyyashrai) on Jul 19, 2017 at 1:50am PDTActor Suyyash Rai, who is a part of the show, made a post on Instagram saying that Karan?s views are his own and the show doesn?t support child marriage. ?Guys, whatever Karan Wahi said it?s his point of view. No one can question him neither me nor you guys. But this doesn?t change the fact that we, the whole team of #PPK, we love this show and we all have worked really hard for it and we still are and we will. Our motive is to entertain you guys not promote child marriage or anything. This show is different , please don?t judge it and jump onto conclusions. If a channel like Sony has approved the show they must have thought something right? Even the producers must have thought a lot before making this and investing so much money. It?s my request to all, please watch it first and then decide. Maybe m wrong maybe but lets wait and then decide. Love to all and thank you for such a good response for the first episode. Tejasswi Prakash baby smile please,? he wrote with the post.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nDLF Place Mall in Delhi's Saket on Wednesday reportedly denied entry to children from Maharashtra who are here to participate in a farmers' protest. An organisation had taken the children to the mall for a visit but authorities initially refused entry saying they needed "special permission". The group included several children whose parents had committed suicide due to agricultural crisis.\r\nA south Delhi mall allegedly denied entry to a group of children from Maharashtra, whose parents committed suicide in the wake of agrarian crisis, Swaraj India president Yogendra Yadav has claimed.Yadav brought the kids to Delhi from a children?s home in Nashik to participate in a farmer?s protest at Jantar Mantar.Swaraj India leaders said that on Wednesday evening, around 40 kids were taken to DLF Place, Saket, for an ice-cream treat.?The children wanted to visit some place in Delhi. We took them to the mall as it was very hot outside. The guard was staring at them as soon as they entered the check point wearing kurta pyjama or salwar and a Nehru cap,? Swaraj India Delhi president Anupam said.Swaraj India volunteer, Rohini, who was accompanying the children, said when she went to get a trolley because one of the kids had an injury in his leg, a security guard said the kids were not allowed inside.?The guard said they had not taken any permission. They asked us to take the children out,? she said.The children stay at an ashram that houses children whose parents committed suicide owing to the farm crisis.The party alleged that there was a quarrel between its volunteers and the mall management.?The children were reportedly allowed inside only after I said journalists would be visiting the place for interviewing these kids and a senior management official intervened,? she said.A mall official issued a press statement saying, ?Yesterday evening, a group of children and adults sought entry to the mall. As it was such a large group, dressed alike, our security guard enquired about their agenda. After ascertaining the purpose of their visit, the senior management provided a conducted tour of the mall and offered refreshments,? she said.?Understandably we exercise abundant caution to ensure safety and security of all visitors. We always welcome everyone with open arms and happily conduct tours for children from schools and other institutions upon request, she added.Tow which Yadav said it was only after that the senior manager thought it would snowball into a controversy they allowed entry. They then even gave biscuits to children to save them from any embarrassment.Anupam said, ?The mall officials treated them well later which was more a damage control exercise than genuine concern for the kids.?\r\nAfter the police detected illegal sand mining along Yamuna in Greater Noida, the District Magistrate of Noida said that the authorities are planning to start night patrolling along the river to curb the menace. Noting that sand mining takes place mostly at night, the Magistrate instructed the Subdivisional Magistrates to make a list of defaulting sand miners under their jurisdiction.\r\n A day after the district administration and the police, in a joint operation, seized illegally mined sand from two villages of Sikandarpur and Murshadpur, the district magistrate said he was planning to start night patrolling on the floodplains of river Yamuna to curb sand mining. The administration seized 10,638 cubic metres of sand in Sikandarpur and 7488 cubic metres of sand in Murshadpur area.?I have imposed a fine of Rs 70.69 lakh on both sand mafia groups caught mining sand from the two spots. I have instructed my staff to identify the properties that belong to two sand mafia groups. If they do not pay the penalty, we will auction their property,?  said BN Singh, district magistrate, Gautam Budh Nagar. . Residents of the villages near the floodplains feel that there is a dire need to have night patrolling as sand mining mostly takes place at night.?Sand mafia groups transports the sand in dumpers at night. It happens with the involvement of the local police. If the administration wants to stop sand mining, it should ensure that the police stop supporting the sand mafia,? said Tikam Singh, a resident of Nagli village. The administration said they get information about sand mining activities from the villagers who live along the Yamuna embankment. ?Any person can share information about sand mining with our officers or with me. We will ban illegal sand mining and take appropriate action on residents? complaints,? the DM said. The administration will also confiscate properties of those part of the sand mafia in order to recover revenue lost as a result of the illegal sand mining activity. Sand mining along Yamuna floodplains mostly takes place during the night as there is no patrolling during that time. ?We will auction the properties of the sand mafia to recover the revenue lost in illegal sand mining. Our priority is to ensure that no illegal sand mining takes place on the Yamuna floodplains,? BN Singh said. The DM has instructed all subdivisional magistrates to prepare a list of those involved in illegal sand mining in their respective areas. Once the list is ready, the DM will act against these people if they continue to mine sand from the Yamuna floodplains.Read I Noida DM takes on sand mafia, vows to end illegal mining?I will ask SDMs and the local police to start a joint night patrolling along the Yamuna floodplains so that we stop illegal sand mining,? Singh said. Illegal sand mining has been a lucrative business in Gautam Budh Nagar district, especially because sand is in huge demand for the construction activities in Delhi-NCR. As a result, trhe sand is almost worth its weight in gold. A dumper load of sand costs from Rs1,800 to Rs 2,000. To mine sand illegally, the sand mafia had even built a temporary bridge across the Yamuna to ferry sand from UP to Haryana. Authorities in Gautam Budh Nagar district in October, 2015, had caught about 30 labourers who were building the temporary bridge across the river to ferry sand. The district administration had dismantled the 300metre structure constructed near Noida?s Chak Basantpur village for trucks and dumpers carrying the coveted natural resource. The administration had also seized around 6,000 sandbags, several concrete pipes and an excavator as well. Later, the National Green Tribunal bar council had filed a petition in the tribunal which banned sand mining on Yamuna floodplains. \r\nThe Maharashtra government is planning to invite global tenders for purchasing a chopper for the VIPs of the state. It comes after the CM had survived a chopper crash in May, following which, private agencies were suspended from flying VIPs of the state. A government official said that the chopper is likely to be a modern Sikorsky S76 or Bell.\r\nThe new helicopter that the state plans to buy for its VIPs is likely to cost nearly Rs90 crore and may take at least a year to be delivered. While procuring the chopper will take four months, the bidding process before and registration after it will lengthen the procedure, said an official.A committee headed by chief secretary Sumeet Mullick decided to speed up the process on Wednesday. Its decision comes two weeks after chief minister Devendra Fadnavis escaped a potential chopper accident while returning from Alibaug.During a meeting at Mantralaya, the committee endorsed a decision to suspend the chopper?s operations during the monsoon. It also decided to dispose of a grounded helicopter and fixed-wing aircraft as soon as possible.The state will appoint a pilot and co-pilot for its only aircraft in service ? a Cessna Citation 560 XLS ? for VIPs.?We will call for global tenders to buy a chopper. It is likely to be a modern make of Sikorki S76 or Bell. The state favours the advanced make of Sikorki S76, which was grounded after it crash-landed in Latur in May. Reports revealed that its sturdiness helped the pilot avoid further damage,? said an official. The state expects about Rs15 crore to be recovered from the Sikorki S76?s insurance cover. After a failed attempt to dispose of the Beechcraft Super King Air 350 and Eurocopter AS 365 Dauphin, the state has decided to relax norms to ensure their speedy disposal. \r\nNoida authority officials on Monday demolished around thirty makeshift shops near Sector 78 after residents demanded for removal of 'illegal encroachments'. This comes after over 300 protestors, mostly domestic helps, gathered outside a housing complex last week, alleging that one of its residents had assaulted a domestic help. Noida authority has however claimed that it was a routine demolition.\r\nLast Wednesday at 7am, 45-year-old Ramesh Kumar was setting up his makeshift tea shop in Sector 76 for his early morning customers, he said. He claims he had no knowledge of the mob violence at Mahagun Moderne Society that was going on a few hundred metres from his shop at that time.Ramesh is one of the 30-odd kiosk owners whose makeshift shops were demolished by the Noida authority on Monday as the temporary structures had come up on government land.He said he had spent Rs20,000 to acquire the shop and the goods he needed. Like Ramesh, there are other 30 other shopkeepers who have lost their livelihood the demolition drive six days after the violence at Mahagun Moderne society violence.Rumours of a domestic help being beaten up and held captive had enraged a mob which allegedly attacked the housing society and vandalised property there.The Noida authority has officially claimed that the demolition was not due to the recent violence, but the demands for action against ?illegal? workers in Noida have increased ever since.However, Ramesh fails to understand what he has to do with it all. ?I had nothing to do with the crowd that attacked Mahagun society. I am a resident of Barola village and was busy setting up my tea shop when the violence took place in the society. I have three children to look after and the officers have demolished my shop and destroyed my livelihood,? he said.Ramesh?s friend Pappu (36), who like Ramesh says he belongs to Hardoi district in UP, too sold vegetables in the area from a kiosk that was demolished on Monday.?My wife is dead and I am supposed to feed my three children. I have been selling vegetables (here) for the past four months. Now, I am thinking of selling vegetables from a cart,? he said.Another vegetable seller, 22-year-old Sanjay Yadav, has been in business in the area for only two years, but is one of the oldest shopkeepers in the area.?I am the sole bread winner of my family and the demolition has destroyed my stock of vegetables. How will I earn from tomorrow? I have to support my whole family,? he said.Authority officials claimed the drive was carried out as the shops were set up illegally.?The encroachers were already served notice by the Noida authority to remove their makeshift settlements. When they failed to vacate the land, the authority razed their structures. The action was not taken because of the Mahagun Moderne violence,? said Awneesh Kumar, circle officer, city-3, who was a part of the police team accompanying the authority?s demolition wing officials.While there have been calls against ?illegal Bangladeshis? in the area following the Mahagun violence, Kumar said the encroachers in the area were from different parts of India.\r\nIndia's first Food Truck Park has opened in Bandra, Mumbai. The 5,000 sq foot Mumbai Food Truck Park houses the Bombay Food Truck Company, Hungry JD's, Mumbai Fusion, Pettoos, The Waffle Truck and Scoopalicious. The Mumbai Food Truck Park will stay open all-year from 12 pm to 10 pm.  \r\nWhen it comes to making headway in the world of food, Mumbai runs faster than any other Indian city. From adapting the purple food trend to serving dishes from all over the world, this city has done it all. Its food trucks are very popular and quite successful.But the thing with food trucks is that you have to be in a certain area to access the delicacies they serve, or wait for a food truck fest (which have been quite the rage over the last two years in both Mumbai and Delhi). What India needs is a food truck park, like the ones across the USA and Dubai.Also Read: Meet the superwomen who run Asia's first all-women food truck in Bengaluru And now, India does have one! Yes, it is in Mumbai of course. The Mumbai Food Truck Park has just been opened in Bandra's Pali Hill area.The park boasts of a space worth 5,000 sq ft, and can house 10-12 food trucks at the same time. From Punjabi cuisine to Lebanese dishes, this park will house food trucks serving everything your palate can crave!Also Read: Indian girl takes ethnic Naga cuisine to Belgium via her tribal kitchen food truck Current food trucks at the park are Hungry JD's, Mumbai Fusion, Pettoos, The Waffle Truck, Scoopalicious, and many others. The food truck park will stay open all-year through, from 12pm to 10pm.\r\nThe US has ended a four-month ban on flyers carrying laptops on US-bound flights from airports in North Africa and the Middle East. Last month, officials announced new security requirements for all airlines rather than an extension of the laptop ban. The UK continues to enforce a similar electronics ban on flights from several Middle Eastern airports. \r\nThe United States has ended a four-month ban on passengers carrying laptops onboard US-bound flights from certain airports in the Middle East and North Africa, bringing to an end one of the controversial travel restrictions imposed by President Donald Trump?s administration. Riyadh?s King Khalid international airport was the last of 10 airports to be exempted from the ban, the US department of homeland security (DHS) confirmed in a tweet late on Wednesday local time.With enhanced security measures in place, all restrictions on large PEDs announced in March for 10 airports/9 airlines have been lifted. Middle East carriers have blamed Trump?s travel restrictions, which include banning citizens of some Muslim-majority countries from visiting the United States, for a downturn in demand on US routes. In March, the United States banned large electronics in cabins on flights from 10 airports in the Middle East and North Africa over concerns that explosives could be concealed in the devices taken onboard aircraft. The ban has been lifted on the nine airlines affected ? Emirates, Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways, Turkish Airlines, Saudi Arabian Airlines, Royal Jordanian , Kuwait Airways, EgyptAir and Royal Air Maroc ? which are the only carriers to fly direct to the US from the region. A ban on citizens of six Muslim-majority countries ? Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen, ? remains in place, though has been limited after several US court hearings challenged the restrictions. ?The aviation industry has been trying to come together with a united message to governments and stakeholders about regulation and supporting the industry,? said Will Horton, senior analyst at Australian aviation consultancy CAPA. ?That was dealt a first blow from the travel ban and then a second from the large electronics ban.? Leading industry group the International Air Transport Association (IATA) criticised the laptop ban as ineffective, as security experts argued that militants could travel to the US via Europe or elsewhere where the restrictions did not apply. US officials lifted the ban after visiting the 10 airports in Egypt, Morocco, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar and Turkey over the past three weeks to confirm new security measures announced last month were being implemented. On Thursday, the US issued a revised directive to airlines around the world in response to requests that it clarify aviation security measures scheduled to start taking effect this week. The new requirements include enhanced passenger screening at foreign airports, increased security protocols around aircraft and in passenger areas and expanded canine screening. They affect 325,000 airline passengers on about 2,000 commercial flights arriving daily in the US, on 180 airlines from 280 airports in 105 countries. Airlines that fail to meet the new security requirements could face in-cabin electronics restrictions. The United Kingdom continues to enforce a similar in-cabin ban on electronics ban on flights from some Middle Eastern airports. Those restrictions apply to flights from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia.\r\nKangana Ranaut got injured on the sets of Manikarnika- The Queen Of Jhansi after being accidentally struck by a prop sword on her forehead. She reportedly received 15 stitches on her forehead on being hospitalised. Kangana said, "I am a bit embarrassed to be thrilled to have a battle scar on my face... I got a...glimpse of the Queen's life."\r\nKangana Ranaut was injured after being accidentally struck by a prop sword on the sets of her new film, Manikarnika - The Queen Of Jhansi. A Mid-Day report says that the actor was shooting an action scene in Hyderabad, when she was struck on her forehead. She was immediately taken to a hospital, where she is expected to remain for a week.?Kangana was immediately rushed to Apollo hospital nearby, where she was admitted into the ICU. She got 15 stitches on her forehead and will be under observation in the hospital for a few days. The examining doctor said that it was a close shave for her because the cut was too close to her bone,? a production hand said.    Oh-No! Kangana Ranaut gets injured on the sets of Manikarnika: The Queen of Jhansi. @pinkvilla ? . . #kanganaranaut #manikarnikathequeenofjhansi #bollywood #actress #star #newmovie #injury #manikarnika #beautiful #fierce #strong #pinkvilla A post shared by Pinkvilla (@pinkvilla) on Jul 19, 2017 at 11:26pm PDT According to producer Kamal Jain, Kangana insisted on shooting the scene herself, and not with the help of stunt doubles. Even though the scene was rehearsed numerous times, something went wrong. ?Kangana had to duck when Nihar (Pandya) attacked her, but the timing went wrong and Nihar?s sword hit her forehead instead. It made a deep cut between her eyebrows. The drive to the hospital took a good 30 minutes, but she put up a brave front despite the pain and bleeding. Nihar was apologetic and felt terrible, but Kangana pacified him,? he said.    ? Kangana gets injured on the sets of her next movie. Kangana Ranaut who has been away from the city has been busy shooting for Manikarnika in Hyderabad. The actress had some major sword fighting scenes to shoot yesterday with co-star Nihar Pandya. During the shoot unfortunately the actress got injured and got a deep cut on her forehead. . As soon as the unfortunate accident occurred, the feisty actress was rushed to the Apollo Hospital amidst pain and blood loss. She got a total of 15 stitches on the forehead and has been advised rest for four days. . When we spoke to Kangana about the injury, she said, "I am a bit embarrassed to be thrilled to have a battle scar on my face. Also, people from my team have been telling me that it's like that Peshwa teeka that Manikarnika wore. It's a bit dramatic but I am excited that my face was covered in blood and I got a genuine and authentic glimpse of the Queen's life." . Kangana has been training hard in sword fighting under Hollywood stunt director Nick Powell. She is also taking horse riding lessons. Directed by Krish, Manikarnika - The Queen of Jhansi has Kangana playing the title role of Jhansi Rani Laxmibai. . #kanganaranaut #instantbollywood #bollywood A post shared by Instant Bollywood (@instantbollywood) on Jul 20, 2017 at 12:25am PDT Speaking to Pinkvilla, Kangana said, ?I am a bit embarrassed to be thrilled to have a battle scar on my face. Also, people from my team have been telling me that it?s like that Peshwa teeka that Manikarnika wore. It?s a bit dramatic but I am excited that my face was covered in blood and I got a genuine and authentic glimpse of the Queen?s life.?Manikarnika - The Queen Of Jhansi, is scheduled for release in 2018. It remains to be seen if this delays the production significantly.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nUnion Minister Jayant Sinha on Thursday said Air India, along with its subsidiaries Air India Express and Alliance Air, recorded the maximum number of safety violations in the last three years at 185. It was followed by Jet Airways and SpiceJet, which recorded 154 and 142 instances of safety violations respectively. Meanwhile, IndiGo recorded only three cases of safety violations. \r\nNew Delhi, Jul 18 (PTI) National carrier Air India recorded the maximum cases of safety violations in the last three years, followed by Jet Airways and SpiceJet, Union Minister Jayant Sinha said in the Rajya Sabha today. Air India, along with its subsidiaries Air India Express and Alliance Air, registered 185 cases of violations where punitive measures were taken against the crew in 2014, 2015 and 2016. These measures included warning to personnel, derostering, corrective training and suspension of licences, he said in response to a question. During the same period, Jet Airways recorded 154 instances where penalties were imposed on their crew and SpiceJet saw such 142 cases. Market leader IndiGo recorded three cases during this period. But over the years there has been a decline in such instances, the government said. "There is a reducing trend in cases of safety violations in the last three year," Minister of State for Civil Aviation Sinha said. \r\nThe Haryana government has given ?5 lakh to Jolly LLB 2 actor Sitaram Panchal who is suffering from cancer. Filmmaker Ashwini Chaudhary, who had approached Haryana government, thanked the authorities, while adding, "Other members of the industry are also coming forward to help." Also known for films like Paan Singh Tomar and Peepli (Live), Sitaram sought financial help on Facebook.\r\nThe Haryana government has promised financial help to ailing Bollywood actor Sitaram Panchal, who is suffering from lung and kidney cancer.Panchal originally belongs to Narwana town of Haryana?s Jind district and has acted in popular movies such as Jolly LLB 2, Slumdog Millionaire, Peepli Live and Pan Singh Tomar. Filmmaker Ashwini Chaudhary, was in touch with the state government and had approached other members of the fraternity to help Panchal.Sitaram Panchal was recently seen in Akshay Kumar?s Jolly LLB 2.?Just got a call from CMO Haryana. Thank you for offering financial assistance to Sitaram Panchal,? Chaudhary tweeted. Chaudhary told Hindustan Times that the government has transferred ? 5 lakh to the account of Panchal, and will offer more money through other schemes.?Other members of the industry are also coming forward to help Panchal?s family. From Haryana, actor Randeep Hooda called me and said he was going to help them,? said Chaudhary, who had directed Panchal in his award-winning Haryanvi movie Laado.Pictures of bedridden Panchal were widely shared on social media, along with his emotional message seeking help for the treatment. Panchal?s wife had confirmed that his health had worsened during the last 10 months and the family was struggling to make ends meet since he was the sole breadwinner. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nA doctor, allegedly abducted on July 6 from Delhi by an Ola cab driver, was rescued on Wednesday from Meerut after a shootout between a joint team of Delhi Police and UP Special Task Force and the kidnappers. Reportedly, three men helped the driver in the kidnapping and demanded ?5 crore as ransom from Ola instead of the doctor's family.\r\nNearly 200 cops, 13 days and a couple of encounters, this story of kidnapping of a Delhi-based doctor and his dramatic rescue is nothing less than a Bollywood crime thriller.Srikanth Goud, who originally hails from Hyderabad, was travelling home in a Ola cab on July 6 night when he was kidnapped. HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED: ALSO READ:Delhi: Man kills woman for argument with bar dancer girlfriend, arrestedDelhi: Girl, 15, kidnapped, raped and sold for Rs 70,000\r\nDelhi village Kadipur has free WiFi with 24-hour connectivity but lacks basic civic amenities like regular water supply. The village, which was adopted by BJP MP Manoj Tiwari in 2014, also faces issues like broken roads and choked drains. "It would have been better if the government fixed this (water supply) instead of spending on internet connectivity," a resident said.\r\nKadipur, a small village in northwest Delhi, has free WiFi facility with 25 servers providing 24-hour internet connectivity. But when it comes to basic civic amenities, the village has nothing to show.  The village, with a population of about 800, is battling broken roads, inconsistent water supply and choked drains. Saurav Verma, 18, a student of Delhi University and resident of Kadipur village, has to wake up at 5 in the morning every alternate day, and wait an hour till the water tank is filled up. Verma, and most other residents of the village, say while the WiFi facility may have waited, the government should have first ensured regular water supply, an approach road and improved connectivity.Kadipur was declared a ?free Wi-Fi? village on June 19 by the local councillor Urmila Rana. Villagers access the facility by registering their phone numbers on which they get security code to log in.Delhi BJP chief and Northeast Delhi MP Manoj Tiwari had adopted Kadipur village under the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojna in 2014.A month after the WiFi facility was launched, Hindustan Times visited the village and found that while the internet facility was working fine, most villagers were disappointed with the civic infrastructure.?We get only two hours of water supply that too every alternate day. It would have been better if the government would fixed this instead of spending on improving internet connectivity,? Verma said.It takes Verma at least two hours to reach Delhi University (North Campus) as connectivity to different parts of the city from the village is poor. The villagers have to hail shared vans to reach the main road 5 km away from where they get transport.  Though the internal roads were fine, the approach roads to the village are dust bowls with waterlogging at some places.Another resident, who did not wish to be identified, said, ?There are times when we could not sleep whole night because there are warehouses here where movement of trucks continue entire night. We complained to the local councillor but nothing happened. The politicians focus on populist measures while the basic infrastructure is crumbling.?He said that the drains are clogged and water overflows at several places.?The mobile connectivity is not a big issue. Children in the village anyway had mobile phones with internet facility. We are not dependent on government for WiFi,? he said.Anil Kashyap, another resident, said things have improved a bit.  ?There has been some development in the past few years. He said earlier the villagers have to wait five days for getting water supply.?He said improved connectivity will create better employment opportunities for the village youth, he said.Area councillor Urmila Rana said she has written to the Delhi government several times for improving the water supply but nothing has happened. ?I would have got the roads constructed but the corporation is yet to notify the newly drawn municipal zones because of which no development funds could be allocated.?Manoj Tiwari told Hindustan Times that it was for the Delhi government to take care of problems related to water and power. ?I have adopted the village and my funds will be used for the purpose. But I can only suggest or recommend the work but the government will have to do it. The problem persists because of the government?s non-cooperative attitude. I am hurt that I cannot do much despite efforts,? he said. \r\nFollowing her failed dope test, India's top-ranked female shot putter Manpreet Kaur has been suspended by the Athletics Federation and is set to lose her gold medal which she won at the 22nd Asian Athletics Championships. Kaur will also miss next month's World Championships for which she had qualified for by winning the Asian Athletics Championships gold medal.\r\nTop Indian shot putter Manpreet Kaur will miss next month's World Athletics Championships in London after she tested positive for banned substances for the second time in a couple of days, the AFI said today.Manpreet's urine sample 'A' collected during the first leg of the Asian Grand Prix at Jinhua (China) on April 24 has also been found to have stimulant dimethylbutylamine in it.This stimulant dimethylbutylamine was the same one which was found in her urine sample 'A' taken during the Federation Cup National Championships at Patiala, which came to light yesterday."She (Manpreet) has tested positive again for a steroid and the stimulant (dimethylbutylamine). She has been handed provisional suspension by the AFI. She will now be dropped from World Championships team," Athletics Federation of India (AFI) president Adille Sumariwalla told PTI.The IAAF World Championships will be hosted by London from August 5 to 13.\r\nThe Pakistan military said in a statement on Wednesday that firing by the Indian side claimed lives of a soldier and two civilians. It added that seven others, including two soldiers, were injured in the firing across the Line of Control (LoC). Further, it said that the attack was unprovoked, leading to their forces returning fire.\r\nPakistan says Indian troops fired across the Line of Control in Kashmir, killing a soldier and two civilians.A military statement on Wednesday said another seven people, including two soldiers, were wounded, and that Pakistani forces returned fire.It said the Indian attack was unprovoked, and violated a 2003 cease-fire agreement in the Himalayan region, which is split between Indian and Pakistani zones. The nuclear-armed rivals each claim Kashmir in its entirely, and have been to war twice over it.The two sides frequently trade fire across the heavily militarised Line of Control.\r\nThe counting of votes in the Presidential election takes place under the supervision of the Returning Officer. The invalid votes, ones which are not cast in the prescribed format, are removed first. The ballot box of the Parliament House is opened first, while those of the states follow next, in an alphabetical order. There are total eight rounds of counting.\r\nThe results of presidential election, for which close to 99 percent MPs and MLAs had voted on Monday, will be declared tomorrow. A simple mathematical calculation shows that National Democratic Alliance (NDA) candidate Ram Nath Kovind is all set to win against Opposition's pick Meira Kumar.Counting of ballot papers will begin at 11 AM at Room Number 62 on the first floor of the Parliament House. Ballot boxes, collected from all states across India, has been kept in a strong room inside the House.The results for the race to the Rashtrapati Bhavan will be out officially by 5 PM.32 polling stations including the one in Parliament House were set up in various states. A total number of 4,896 electors, 4,120 MLAs and 776 elected MPs, were eligible to cast their ballot.Incumbent Pranab Mukherjee's term is ending on July 24 and the India's 14th president will take oath the next day.HOW THE COUNTING HAPPENSCounting of votes will be held under the supervision of the Lok Sabha secretary general Anoop Mishra, who is also the Returning Officer.The counting staff will begin their task by removing invalid ballots. Some votes may become invalid if the lawmaker didn't cast it in the prescribed format. A principle of proportional representation is followed under which the elector has to mark preferences against the names of the candidates. Marking of the first preference is compulsory.The ballot box of the Parliament House would be the first one to be opened, and then, the ballot boxes received from states would be counted on alphabetical basis.The votes would be counted on four separate tables and would have 8 rounds of counting.HOW IS THE WINNER SELECTEDPresidential election is held in accordance with the system of proportional representation by means of a single transferable vote. While the value of an MLA's vote depends on the population of the state he or she belongs to, the value of an MP's vote remains the same at 708.At the end of any round of counting, if one candidate gets more than more than 50 percent of the total votes polled then he is declared the winner.HOW AIRTHMETIC IS IN KOVIND'S FAVOURThe total value of votes of the electoral college (comprising elected MLAs and MPs) is 10,98,903. With the backing of NDA, the Dalit leader and former Bihar Governor Ram Nath Kovind is set to cross the halfway-mark and get more than 60 per cent votes.Besides parties belonging to the NDA, Janata Dal-United (JD-U), Biju Janata Dal, Telengana Rashtra Samithi in Telangana, different factions of AIADMK, and the YSR Congress (1.53 per cent) also had announced their backing for Kovind.Congress-led Opposition parties have a little over 35 per cent share in the electoral college. Independents and other smaller parties, who have not made their choice known, have two per cent.If elected, Ram Nath Kovind will be the second Dalit President of India after KR Narayanan.Also read:Voting in presidential election ends, result on July 20: All you need to know Foreign media on presidential poll: India set to crown candidate with Hindu nationalist roots as next PresidentPresidential election voters: 71 per cent crorepati, a third with criminal cases, 451 women\r\nThe counting of votes for electing India's 14th President began at 11am under the supervision of the Returning Officer. The invalid votes, ones which are not cast in the prescribed format, will be removed first. The ballot box of the Parliament House will be the first to be opened, while those of the states will follow next, in alphabetical order.\r\nThe results of presidential election, for which close to 99 percent MPs and MLAs had voted on Monday, will be declared tomorrow. A simple mathematical calculation shows that National Democratic Alliance (NDA) candidate Ram Nath Kovind is all set to win against Opposition's pick Meira Kumar.Counting of ballot papers will begin at 11 AM at Room Number 62 on the first floor of the Parliament House. Ballot boxes, collected from all states across India, has been kept in a strong room inside the House.The results for the race to the Rashtrapati Bhavan will be out officially by 5 PM.32 polling stations including the one in Parliament House were set up in various states. A total number of 4,896 electors, 4,120 MLAs and 776 elected MPs, were eligible to cast their ballot.Incumbent Pranab Mukherjee's term is ending on July 24 and the India's 14th president will take oath the next day.HOW THE COUNTING HAPPENSCounting of votes will be held under the supervision of the Lok Sabha secretary general Anoop Mishra, who is also the Returning Officer.The counting staff will begin their task by removing invalid ballots. Some votes may become invalid if the lawmaker didn't cast it in the prescribed format. A principle of proportional representation is followed under which the elector has to mark preferences against the names of the candidates. Marking of the first preference is compulsory.The ballot box of the Parliament House would be the first one to be opened, and then, the ballot boxes received from states would be counted on alphabetical basis.The votes would be counted on four separate tables and would have 8 rounds of counting.HOW IS THE WINNER SELECTEDPresidential election is held in accordance with the system of proportional representation by means of a single transferable vote. While the value of an MLA's vote depends on the population of the state he or she belongs to, the value of an MP's vote remains the same at 708.At the end of any round of counting, if one candidate gets more than more than 50 percent of the total votes polled then he is declared the winner.HOW AIRTHMETIC IS IN KOVIND'S FAVOURThe total value of votes of the electoral college (comprising elected MLAs and MPs) is 10,98,903. With the backing of NDA, the Dalit leader and former Bihar Governor Ram Nath Kovind is set to cross the halfway-mark and get more than 60 per cent votes.Besides parties belonging to the NDA, Janata Dal-United (JD-U), Biju Janata Dal, Telengana Rashtra Samithi in Telangana, different factions of AIADMK, and the YSR Congress (1.53 per cent) also had announced their backing for Kovind.Congress-led Opposition parties have a little over 35 per cent share in the electoral college. Independents and other smaller parties, who have not made their choice known, have two per cent.If elected, Ram Nath Kovind will be the second Dalit President of India after KR Narayanan.Also read:Voting in presidential election ends, result on July 20: All you need to know Foreign media on presidential poll: India set to crown candidate with Hindu nationalist roots as next PresidentPresidential election voters: 71 per cent crorepati, a third with criminal cases, 451 women\r\nParliament on Wednesday was informed that about 210 official websites of central and state governments publicly display personal details, including the Aadhaar number, of the beneficiaries under various schemes. MoS for IT PP Chaudhary said that UIDAI has taken note of the problem and has been monitoring the status regularly to get the Aadhaar data removed from the said websites.\r\nAbout 210 websites of the central and state government departments were found to be displaying personal details and Aadhaar numbers of beneficiaries, Parliament was informed on Wednesday.?UIDAI (The Unique Identification Authority of India) has taken note of the same and is regularly monitoring the status to get the Aadhaar data removed from the said websites,? Minister of State for Electronics and IT, PP Chaudhary said in a written reply in Lok Sabha.The monitoring came after ?it was found that around 210 websites of Central Government, State Government Departments including educational institutes were displaying the list of beneficiaries along with their name, address and other details and Aadhaar numbers for information of general public.?There has been no leakage of Aadhaar data from the UIDAI, he added.Chaudhary said that private players have not acquired any Aadhaar data including biometrics from the UIDAI, and sharing of Aadhaar information is done only with authorised agencies through secure applications after following well-established procedures and protocols.The sharing of Aadhaar information is regulated in terms of the Aadhaar (Sharing of Information) regulations 2016 framed under the Aadhaar (Targeted Delivery of Financial and other Subsidies, Benefits and Services), Act 2016.?As on July 13, 2017, 123 schemes of various Central Ministries/Departments have been notified under Section 7 or 57 of Aadhaar Act, 2016. In respect of these schemes, Aadhaar number is necessary for the purpose of establishing identity of an individual to enable receipt of subsidies, benefits and services etc,? he added.To another query, he said that the linkage of Aadhaar number with PAN (Permanent Account Number) database will allow a ?robust way? of de-duplication as the former is based on biometric attributes of finger prints and iris images.?Some instances were found where multiple PANs have been allotted to one person or one PAN has been alloted to multiple persons despite the application of de-duplication process based on demographic data,? he said.Seeding of Aadhaar will allow weeding out any undetected duplicate PANs, he added.PAN is the key identifier of taxable entity and aggregator of all financial transactions undertaken by the entity. \r\nThe children of farmers from states like Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra who committed suicide due to farm debts have joined the protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi. The children are demanding a waiver of loans and financial help for the families of the farmers. They also staged a street play showing the family's plight after a farmer commits suicide.\r\nAshok Patil, 16, who lives in a children?s home in Nasik, still has the last memories of his father fresh in his mind. ?We had lunch after which he went to the farm. After few hours some people came to our house with his body,? he said.Patel was just nine years old when his father, a cotton farmer in a village in Gadchiroli district, committed suicide unable to pay debt to the money lender. His relatives sent him to the children?s home in Nasik due to the poor condition of family. The last time Patil went to his home was when he was in Class 5 ? four years ago.?My mother calls me once in a month, I want to go home. But where will the ticket?s money come from?? he said.He lives in the children?s home Adhartirth ashram with 400 others who lost their fathers to penury.Like Patil, 40 children from this ashram, who have similar stories to share, gathered at Jantar Mantar on Wednesday demanding financial help for the families of farmers who committed suicide and waiver of debt for famers across India. They were brought to Jantar Mantar by All India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee which is holding agitation at Jantar Mantar since past two days demanding complete loan waver of farmers Pallavi Panwar, 15, who too lost her father after he killed self unable to pay bank?s loan, said, ?Our family has suffered but if government does something , at least other farmers in the country will not quit farming.?Ask Pallavi and Ashok, if they wish to join farming, they immediately say ?no.?Pallavi aspires to be a doctor while Ashok wants to be a scientist. Member of All India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee and Swaraj India President Yogendra Yadav said he had met these children during the Kisan rally in Maharashtra. ?We were pained to see what the family members have to go to after a farmer?s suicide. We wanted to show it to people living in the power corridors of Delhi,? he said. The children also staged a street play on the occasion showcasing the plight of a family after their father commits suicide.\r\nAlmost two years after eight-year-old Zion Harvey from the US became the first-ever child to receive a double hand transplant, the doctors involved have declared the operation successful. The kid had both his hands and feet amputated aged two due to sepsis infection. He underwent eight rejections of hands after the surgery, but they were reversed using immunosuppression drugs.\r\nAfter almost 11 hours of surgery involving four teams of doctors, Zion Harvey had earned his place in medical history. The eight-year-old had become the first child in the world to receive two new hands in a procedure that seemed to herald a revolution in transplant medicine.Two years on, the sports-mad boy from Baltimore, Maryland, is enjoying the freedom and independence his new hands have given him. In the first medical journal report of Zion?s pioneering treatment, published on Wednesday, the experts involved declare the operation a success and say other children could benefit from the knowledge gained.Zion had to rely on others after he had his hands and feet amputated aged two when he contracted sepsis. For six years he used a combination of his residual limbs and specialist equipment to dress, wash himself and eat ? until the double transplant changed his life. ?At 18 months [after the transplant], the child had exceeded his previous adaptive abilities. As of 18 months after transplantation surgery he is able to write and feed, toilet and dress himself more independently and efficiently than he could do before transplantation,? writes the team from the Children?s hospital of Philadelphia in the Lancet Child and Adolescent Health.Organ transplantation is risky in that a recipient?s body may reject the new body part, while the drug regime involved carries a series of health risks. Two years on from the surgery he had in July 2015, Zion, now 10, is coping well with both. ?Cases like this demonstrate how new developments and innovation in science and transplantation have the potential to make enormous differences to the quality of life of patients,? said Lorna Marson, the president of the British Transplantation Society, which represents specialists working in the field across the NHS. ?Transplantation is a constantly evolving sector and it is heartening to hear the positive outcomes of groundbreaking transplants such as this one.?More than 100 people worldwide have had a hand or arm transplant since the first adult received a new hand in 1998, closely followed by the first replacement of both hands in 2000. Many countries now conduct such transplants on small numbers of carefully selected patients. In May 2000, a baby girl in Malaysia who was born with a severe congenital deformity became the first child to receive a new hand and arm, transplanted from her identical twin sister who died at birth. In an update last year on his progress in the year since his surgery, Zion said: ?The only thing that?s different is instead of no hands, I have two hands. I?m still the same kid everybody knew without hands.? Referring to his new hands, he added: ?Here?s the piece of my life that was missing. Now it?s here, my life is complete.? Within eight months of the operation Zion was using scissors and crayons and after a year he was able to swing a baseball bat with both hands ? once throwing the opening pitch at a Baltimore Orioles game. Dr Scott Levin, team leader for Zion?s 10-hour surgery, has praised his young patient?s bravery. ?I?ve never seen Zion cry. I?ve never seen him not want to do his therapy. He?s just such a remarkable human being, let alone child or adult. He has such courage and determination and gives us all inspiration,? he said.But the last two years have been mentally and physically hard for Zion. He has had huge amounts of physiotherapy and occupational therapy to help him adjust, as well as counselling to aid his psychological recovery. The doctors write: ?Since his surgery he has undergone eight rejections of the hands, including serious episodes during the fourth and seventh months of his transplant. All of these were reversed with immunosuppression drugs without impacting the function of the child?s hands.? He is still taking four different immunosuppressant drugs to maximise the chances of his body continuing to tolerate the pair of new hands, though doctors hope to reduce the dose. ?While functional outcomes are positive and the boy is benefitting from his transplant, this surgery has been very demanding for this child and his family,? said Dr Sandra Amaral, a member of the team at the Philadelphia hospital. However, in an accompanying comment article, Dr Marco Lanzetta, an Italian expert in hand transplant surgery, doubts that many children could tolerate a similar procedure and highlights the risks from lifelong use of immunosuppressants. Zion?s case was exceptional as he was already on the drugs, after receiving a kidney from his mother, Pattie Ray. Prosthetic hands and limbs, adds Lanzetta, have now developed so much that they, rather than transplant surgery, are more likely to prove the future for patients like Zion.\r\nAfter the British public voted to name a polar research vessel Boaty McBoatface, Sweden has voted to name a train Trainy McTrainface. Trainy McTrainface received 49% of the votes, beating options like Poseidon and Miriam. Swedes have previously named trains Estelle, after the five-year-old Swedish Princess, and Glenn, after a long-running joke that everyone in Gothenburg city is named Glenn.\r\nIt?s happened again. A public vote to name four trains running between the Swedish cities of Stockholm and Gothenburg has resulted in one of the four being called Trainy McTrainface in an echo of the name chosen by the British public for the new polar research vessel.Trainy McTrainface received 49% of the votes in a poll, jointly run by Swedish rail company MTR Express and Swedish newspaper Metro.That placed it well ahead the other three options: Hakan, Miriam and Poseidon.The other trains have already been named by the public: one is named Estelle, after the five-year-old daughter of Sweden?s Princess Victoria, the next in line to the Swedish throne.Another is named Glenn, after a long-running joke that everyone in Gothenburg is called Glenn. The joke has a basis in fact: the name is particularly common in the city and its surrounding area, with its popularity stemming from the 1980s, when local football team IFK G\xf6teborg had four players all called Glenn in its lineup. Forty-three per cent of voters supported the name Glenn.The fourth train has yet to be named. A fifth train, Ingvar, after the Swedish TV personality Ingvar Oldsberg, was named before voting began.The public vote was eventually overruled in the case of Boaty McBoatface and the ship named the RRS Sir David Attenborough, with an onboard submersible receiving the Boatface appellation.MTR Express said the McBoatface decision had led to disappointment worldwide and it hoped the name Trainy McTrainface would ?be received with joy by many, not only in Sweden?.\r\nThe Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has cleared a proposal to revamp the Basant Lok market complex in Delhi. The new project will include extra parking, more toilets, an amphitheatre, upgraded buildings, and electrical and fire-fighting mechanisms among other facilities. The authority has allocated ?10 crore for the project which is expected to start in the next three months.\r\nThe Basant Lok complex, popularly known as Priya?s, was once a favourite hangout spot in South Delhi. But with fast depleting infrastructure and civic amenities, the area was losing competition to nearby malls.The Delhi Development Authority will spend Rs 10 crore to revamp the complex with spacious lanes, an amphitheatre, extra parking, an open plaza, more toilets, rainwater harvesting system and sewage treatment plant facility.?The plan has been approved by lieutenant governor Anil Baijal and the work will start in the next three months,? said a DDA official. An survey of the area showed lack of fire safety arrangements, broken walkways and choked drains, he said. ?We will not just upgrade buildings but electrical and fire fighting mechanisms too,? he said. The corridors will be paved in granite, disabled friendly infrastructure and CCTVs for security. The area will be declared one-way for traffic on the road in front of the market complex. Basant Lok was built in the 1970s and till the early 2000s was one of the most prominent markets of Delhi. Even big international brands opened their flagship stores at the market. But in past one decade poor maintenance had led to market associations complaining about loss of business.?Street furniture, plantation and lighting arrangements will be made in the complex to give it a distinct look,? the official said.\r\nAfter replacing Anil Kumble as the Indian cricket team's head coach, Ravi Shastri said "Shastris and Kumbles will come and go", but fabric of the team remains. "I've matured a lot in the last two weeks...I don't come with any baggage. The team has done exceedingly well in the last three years, they're the people who deserve credit," said Shastri.\r\nNewly-appointed India head coach Ravi Shastri feels he has "matured immensely" in the last two weeks, a period that saw dramaticdevelopments leading upto his appointment to the high-profile job.CLICK TO WATCH FULL INTERVIEWAddressing his first press conference since getting the position, the former Team Director spoke about the challenges ahead, the first of which is a tour of Sri Lanka comprising three Tests, five ODIs and a Twenty20 starting July 26.Shastri, reflected on India's last tour of Sri Lanka, where the team bounced back to win the Test series 2-1."I have matured since we last went to Sri Lanka. I feel have matured a lot in the last two weeks," said Shastri at the pre-departure press conference for the series.Shastri was chosen for the high-profile position ahead of big names like Virender Sehwag and Tom Moody. He returns to the role a year after losing out to Anil Kumble, who quit citing "untenable" differences with captain Virat Kohli.The former India all-rounder insisted that he has moved on from the past."I don't come with any baggage. The team has done exceedingly well in the last three years, they are the people who deserve credit. The Ravi Shastris and Anil Kumbles will come and go. If India are the number one Test team today, it is because of the effort of the players."People will come and go. The fabric of Indian cricket will remain."Shastri had his way when Bharat Arun was re-appointed the bowling coach yesterday.Asked about Arun's contribution during his previous stint with the team, Shastri strongly defended his colleague's return."There is track record there. Fifteen years of his life has been coaching. He has been with A teams, u-19 teams, junior World Cup teams. He knows the boys better than I do."In the 2015 World Cup, our bowlers took 77 out of 80 wickets. If he was a big name, you would have put him on the top of the tree. I don't need to elaborate too much on what he is good at. It is there for everyone to see."\r\nAssam's lone African white rhino, Mohan died at the age of 47 in the zoo on Tuesday. The zoo officials failed to find him a female partner in over four decades of his stay. Mohan, who was brought from US in 1974, often suffered from mood swings and exhibited violent tendencies which officials attributed to his "frustration over sexual inactivity".\r\nThe lone African white rhino at the Assam State Zoo died of old age late Tuesday night, officials said. Mohan, 47, who was brought from the United States in 1974, died without mating. The zoo officials failed to find him a female partner in over four decades of his stay, despite him experiencing mood swings and exhibiting violent tendencies such as banging against the enclosure, which officials attributed to his ?frustration over sexual inactivity?.In 2005, Mohan was diagnosed with paratuberculosis, or Johne?s Disease, which is contagious, chronic and often fatal for ruminants such as cows but can also strike hindgut fermenters such as horses and rhinos.\xa0Zoo officials said they never expected Mohan to recover. ?He was too old to eat. His system was refusing to take food even in liquid form. He had battled diseases earlier, but gave up the fight at 11.30pm yesterday (Tuesday),? Tejas Mariswamy, the zoo?s divisional forest officer (DFO), told HT on Wednesday.\xa0 The official explained than the average lifespan of rhinos is 45 to 50 years.Mohan, bought for Rs 50,000 from Southwitch Birds and Animals Inc in Black Stone, US, had attained sexual maturity three years after he landed at the zoo on December 22, 1974. He was long past his sexual prime when he developed the disease in 2005, by which time officials began describing the possibility of bringing a mating partner for him as ?dangerous?.\xa0?Sadly, Mohan died without mating because a female white rhino could not be found in India,? Mariswamy said.\xa0Officials said Mohan could have been paired with a captive Indian female rhino. But the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) had in 1986 banned cross-mating of animals belonging to different species. The CZA?s move was in tune with the worldwide decision to stop hybridisation of big cats after the Alipore Zoo, Kolkata, had experimented with litigons (a cross between a lion and a tigress) and tigons (a tiger and a lioness) in the 1970s .\xa0Sangeeta Goswami of People For Animals said Mohan?s death is a reminder that feral animals should not be made to undergo life in captivity. ?The African rhino was denied sexual rights for no fault of his,? she said.\xa0A spokesperson of People for Ethical Treatment to Animals said, ?Captive breeding of animals in zoos is unethical, even if it means depriving a rhino its right to reproduction.? \r\nMinister of State for Home Affairs Hansraj Ahir said on Wednesday that the government is not considering a separate law to tackle mob lynching incidents, in response to Congress leader Digvijaya Singh's question in the Rajya Sabha. "The state governments can take action against person or persons involved in such incidents under existing laws," he added.\r\nThe government is not mulling a separate law to tackle mob lynching incidents, minister of state for home affairs Hansraj Gangaram Ahir said on Wednesday.Replying to a question in the Rajya Sabha during Question Hour, Ahir said that whether a lynching is done by a single person or by several persons, the existing laws can deal with it.?The state governments can take action against person or persons involved in such incidents under existing laws. I don?t think there is a need for a separate law,? Ahir said.The minister was responding to a supplementary question by Congress leader Digvijaya Singh, who asked if the central government was planning to modify the CrPC and IPC to deal with mob lynching in the name of cow protection which he said was ?emerging as a trend now?.The minister said the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) does not maintain a separate data of killings in the name of cow protection.Stressing that law and order was a state subject, Ahir said Home Minister Rajnath Singh had already issued an advisory to all the states to take prompt action in cases of cow vigilantism and nab the culprits.Samajwadi Party leader Naresh Agrawal, who had asked the primary question on cow vigilantism, accused ?BJP people? of involvement in such incidents. Ahir objected to the reference to BJP cadres in this connection. Not satisfied with the Minister?s reply, Samajwadi Party MPs walked up to the Chairman?s podium and shouted slogans.?Gau raksha ke naam pe hatya, nahi chalegi (Killings in the name of cow protection won?t be accepted),? they shouted in a chorus as other opposition members stood up at their desks.Chairman Hamid Ansari adjourned the House for 10 minutes amidst sloganeering.\r\nIndia has told the UK that the jails in India are no less than the ones in European nations, and extradited individuals will be lodged in proper jails. The statement comes after Vijay Mallya challenged India's extradition move saying Indian jails are "below standard". Further, Maharashtra has been instructed to improve the Arthur Road jail, where Mallya will be lodged.\r\nIndia has told UK authorities that all wanted Indians, including liquor baron Vijay Mallya, will get equal treatment like any other prisoner in India and the facilities in its jails are no less than what European nations have, a senior official said.This was conveyed by Union Home Secretary Rajiv Mehrishi to his British counterpart Patsy Wilkinson, the second permanent secretary in the British Home Office, during a meeting last week in London.The Indian delegation led by Mehrishi told the British authorities that whoever is extradited from the UK, he or she will be lodged in a proper jail with facilities on par with European jails, said the official, who did not want to be quoted.However, the Indian team made it clear that no extradited persons will be given preferential treatment but would be treated like any other prisoner and asked the British authorities to convey this to the court in London.This bears significance as Mallya has challenged the Indian government?s move in the court to get him extradited from the UK saying the conditions in Indian jails are below standard.The Indian delegation told their British counterparts that the cells in Indian jails are bigger than European jails and all jails have medical facilities with a proper hospital, the official said.The home ministry has already written to the Maharashtra government to improve the conditions of its Arthur Road jail, where Mallya would be lodged if extradited from the UK, he said.Mallya, who is wanted in India for Kingfisher Airlines? default on loans worth nearly Rs 9,000 crore, has been in Britain since March, 2016.A court in London is hearing a case regarding his return to India.India has already assured Britain of all assistance in extradition matters to allow the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) to present water-tight cases before the courts there against Mallya.Mehrishi visited London in the wake of Prime Minister Narendra Modi?s talks with his British counterpart Theresa May in Hamburg, on the sidelines of the G20 meeting there recently.Modi had asked for Britain?s cooperation in sending ?economic offenders? back to India.A joint team of the ED and the CBI is currently in London to brief UK prosecution, working on the extradition of Mallya, and to submit fresh proof in the case.The visiting officials of the two central probe agencies will also submit the charge-sheet filed by the Enforcement Directorate in the case last month in Mumbai, said a senior official in the probe team. \r\nAn Indian-origin man, who studied in Gujarat until he was 13, has become UK's youngest ever doctor. Arpan Doshi got accepted for a medical course when he was 17 and graduated at the age of 21 years and 335 days. Doshi, who is due to start work next month, beat the previous record by 17 days.\r\nAn Indian-origin doctor is set to become the UK?s youngest physician to start work at a hospital in north-east England.Arpan Doshi graduated with his Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery degree from the University of Sheffield on Monday -- aged 21 and 335 days -- and is due to start work as a junior doctor in York next month.He will beat the previous record for the youngest doctor to start work in the country by 17 days.?I didn?t realise I was the youngest person to qualify until a friend checked on the internet. I haven?t even told my parents yet but I know they will be very proud,? the Sun quoted India-born Doshi as saying.Arpan originally went to a local school in Gandhinagar, Gujarat, until he was 13.Then his mechanical engineer father, Bharat, got a job in Aix en Provence as part of an international Fusion project and the whole family moved to France.Arpan, who speaks English, Hindi and Gujarati, continued his education at an English-speaking International School.?The following year I realised that I already knew a lot of what was being taught so I skipped a year,? he recalls.He started applying to universities just weeks after his 17th birthday and despite a rejection from one university, three others offered him places.The University of Sheffield was so impressed with his credentials that they gave him a scholarship worth 13,000 pounds.He received financial support from his parents and also took part-time jobs as a lunch supervisor at a local school and in the careers service to fund his degree.?My dream is to become a heart surgeon but it is a very competitive field. It is not really a surprise I have ended up as a doctor,? said Doshi.The previous youngest doctor to qualify was Rachael Faye Hill, who received her medical degree from Manchester University when she was 21 and 352 days in 2010.Doshi is now set to overtake that record when he starts his two-year training as a junior doctor at York Teaching Hospital in August.\r\nFive people have been booked by the Navi Mumbai police for allegedly stopping a tempo carrying meat. The driver reportedly had a certificate to show that it was buffalo meat being transported legally but the five accused claimed they were journalists and insisted he pay a fine and destroy the consignment. Police tested and confirmed that it was buffalo meat. \r\nFive people have been booked and two of them arrested by Navi Mumbai Police for stopping a tempo which was carrying meat despite the fact that the driver had a certificate to show that it was not beef, but buffalo meat being transported legally.The incident took place late on Monday night. A tempo, which left from Deonar abattoir in Mumbai, was stopped by 5 people who claimed they were journalists as it passed through Navi Mumbai. \xa0Despite the fact that the tempo driver had a certificate to prove that he was carrying buffalo meat as part of a legal consignment (and it was not beef), these people insisted that the driver pay fine and destroy the consignment. However, the driver was smart enough and informed the police. VASHI POLICE STARTED PROBING THE MATTERLocal Vashi Police officers reached the spot and started investigating the matter. The consignment was seized and samples sent for a forensic test. The results of the test the next morning confirmed it as buffalo meat and legally valid to be transported.The police allowed the tempo driver to travel with his consignment while five people were booked for giving false information and stopping such a consignment.Last week, India Today-Aajtak carried out a sting operation on gau rakshaks from Mumbai and Maharashtra exposing the extortion racket they were running. One group on which the sting operation was carried out belonged to Navi Mumbai.Also read | PIL filed in Bombay High Court seeking 24-hour helpline against cow vigilantes\r\nThe Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) has decided to recruit 5,000 'religious soldiers' in Uttar Pradesh's Aligarh district, to control cow smuggling and love jihad in the region. Only Bajrang Dal activists who have completed bravery training will be eligible for the post, recruitment for which will start in September. They will also protect "Hindu boys and girls, maths and temples".\r\nThe Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) will recruit 5,000 ?religious soldiers? in the district who will fight like commandos. They will be selected from among trained Bajrang Dal activists and will be responsible for controlling cow smuggling and love jihad. The enrolment drive will be launched in September. This decision was taken at a VHP meeting held in Aligarh on July 14-16, in which the outfit?s international president Pravin Togadia was also present. Sectional chief Ram Kumar Arya told HT, ?Five thousand religious soldiers will be recruited in Aligarh district for which only those Bajrang Dal activists will be eligible who have completed bravery training. These soldiers will control cow smuggling and love jihad. They will also protect Hindu boys and girls, maths, temples, sant samaj and the country.?\r\nA former Chinese diplomat, Liu Youfa, told Chinese state media that India has three possibilities, they can pull out voluntarily, can be captured, or if the dispute escalates, can get killed. "The Chinese side is standing there waiting for India to make a sensible choice, which is the first scenario (withdrawal of troops)," Youfa added.\r\nA former Chinese diplomat, who was earlier Consul General in Mumbai, told Chinese state media on Wednesday that Indian troops faced three options at Doklam as the stand-off entered one month: withdrawal, capture or an attack by China "should the dispute escalate".His comments underline the sharpening rhetoric from Beijing - and the threat of use of force - over the stand-off, with the Chinese government still insisting that there was no room for diplomatic solutions until India fulfilled a "precondition" of withdrawing unilaterally.Liu Youfa, former Chinese Consul General in Mumbai and now a strategic affairs expert, told state broadcaster China Central Television's English-language channel on Wednesday, "When people in uniform get across the border and move into territory of another country, they naturally become the enemies who have to face three consequences."CHINA WAITING FOR INDIA TO MAKE SENSIBLE CHOICE "First," Liu continued, "They can pull out voluntarily. Or, they can be captured. And should the border dispute escalate, they maybe killed. These are the three possibilities."Liu added, "The Chinese side is standing there waiting for India to make a sensible choice which is the first scenario." "It is the best result for both sides to avoid a confrontation," Liu said.His comments reflect the hard-line approach to the stand-off that China has assumed, in what some experts have seen as muscle-flexing and posturing aimed at getting India to withdraw.MILITARY EQUIPMENT IN TIBET The PLA's official newspaper, the PLA Daily, reported this week in the latest indication of muscle-flexing that it had transported military equipment to Tibet under an exercise held on the plateau, although the location in northern Tibet near the Kunlun mountains is far from the site of the stand-off near the Sikkim section.In fact, the site of the stand-off at the India-China-Bhutan tri-junction is thought to be one of the few pockets along the border where China is at a considerable disadvantage in terms of both terrain and its capability to sustain a long-term forward posture, which some experts say might partly explain its shrill rhetoric.Also read: Doklam standoff: China says no bilateral talks with India till impasse is resolved\r\nThe Supreme Court on Wednesday observed that the right to privacy is not absolute and the state may put reasonable restrictions on it. Privacy is an "amorphous" term and defining it would be impossible, the court added. It further referred to the issue of data protection and said that its ambit was "much wider" than the right to privacy. \r\n(Eds: Correcting year of verdict in paras 13 and 15) New Delhi, Jul 19 (PTI) Right to privacy cannot be an absolute right and the State may have some power to put reasonable restriction, the Supreme Court said today while examining the issue whether it can be declared as a fundamental right under the Constitution. A nine-judge Constitution bench, headed by Chief Justice J S Khehar, also asked the Centre and others to assist it about the "contours" and ambit of test on which the width and scope of right to privacy and its infringement, if any, by the State would be tested. The bench then referred to the apex court judgement, criminalising gay sex and said if right to privacy was construed in its widest sense, then the verdict in the Naz Foundation case "would become vulnerable". The NGO, Naz Foundation, has been fighting a legal battle for decriminalising consensual unnatural sex including lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgenders. During the day-long hearing, the bench, also comprising Justices J Chelameswar, S A Bobde, R K Agrawal, Rohinton Fali Nariman, Abhay Manohar Sapre, D Y Chandrachud, Sanjay Kishan Kaul and S Abdul Nazeer, said, "Right to privacy is an amorphous right and not absolute. It is only a small sub-sect of liberty." It then gave illustrations including that giving birth to offsprings might fall under right to privacy and the parents could not say that the government did not have the power to direct sending every child to schools. It also referred to issue of data protection and said that its ambit was "much wider" than right to privacy and "cataloguing the contents of privacy" has the danger of limiting the right itself. "We live in an age of big data and the state is entitled to regulate the data whether it is for the purpose of regulating crime, taxation or other activities... Right to privacy cannot be so absolute that it prevents the State from legislating or regulating it," the bench said. If a bank has sought personal details for disbursing loans then it could not be said to be an infringement of right to privacy, it said, adding that the issues like ones sexual orientation and the bedroom details were covered under right to privacy. Senior advocate Gopal Subramanium, appearing for one of the petitioners, initiated the arguments and said right to privacy was an "inalienable" and "inherent" to the most important fundamental right which the right to liberty. He said the right to liberty, which also included right to privacy, was a pre-existing "natural right" which the Constitution acknowledged and guaranteed to the citizens in case of infringements by the State. "Liberty is the fundamental value of our Constitution. Life and liberty are natural existing rights which our Constitution acknowledges and guarantees. How can liberty be at all experienced without privacy?," he asked. Subramanium, at the outset, referred to apex court verdicts to highlight the process of interpretation of fundamental rights by it and assailed the two judgements delivered in M P Sharma and Kharak Singh cases by an eight- judge and six judge benches in 1954 and 1963 respectively in which it was held that right to privacy was not a fundamental right. The issue of right to privacy as a fundamental right was deliberated upon by the court in the two cases. "It is submitted that the decision in the 1954 and 1963 cases, to the extent they interpret fundamental rights on a distinctive basis (as recognised in the A K Gopalan case of 1950) are no longer good law. "In view of the fact that the A K Gopalan case stands overruled in the R C Cooper case (of 1970), it follows a fortiori (from a stronger argument) that neither of the above decisions are effective." He assailed the M P Sharma verdict which had held that right to privacy was not a fundamental right, saying that the M P Sharma case was not "an authority for the proposition that there is no fundamental right to privacy in the Constitution". He argued that right to privacy is inherent to the right to liberty and the Constitution "mediates" between the citizens and the State and the concept of privacy is "embedded in liberty as well as honour of a person". He then referred to the Preamble and Article 14 (equality before law), 19 (freedom of speech and expression) and 21 (protection of life and liberty) of the Constitution to contend that right to privacy was intrinsic to these "inalienable" fundamental rights also. The counsel assailed the contention of Attorney General K K Venugopal that right to privacy was a "common law right" and not the fundamental one and said it "went much beyond the common law" as it was inherently attached to the basic rights of life and liberty. "Right to privacy invariably means the inviolability of the person. The expression person includes the body as well as the inviolate personality and the privacy really is intended to indicate the realm of inviolable sanctuary that most of us sense in our beings. "It refers to spatial sanctity, freedom in decisional autonomy, informational privacy as well as the ability to freely develop ones personality and exercise discretion and judgement," he said. Former Attorney General Soli Sorabjee, appearing in support of privacy right, went much beyond and said even if the Constitution did not "explicitly" provide this right, it could be deduced as had been done in the case of freedom of press. He referred to Article 19 and said it dealt with the freedom of speech and expression and the apex court deduced the media right from it. Another senior advocate Shyam Divan also said privacy right was a fundamental right according to the "golden triangle" rule that comprised Article 14, 19 and 21. "As recognised by an unbroken line of decisions of this court since 1975, right to privacy is protected under Part III of the Constitution. This court has recognised several unenumerated rights as facets of Article 21. "Similarly, right to privacy has also been recognised as flowing from Article 21," he said. He said that right to privacy extends to several aspects, including body integrity, personal autonomy, right to be left alone, informational self-determination and protection from State surveillance. The bench, at one point, stopped Divan from raising issues relating to Aadhaar that that government could not force citizens to give biometric details and asked him to focus on the privacy issue alone. When the bench asked whether privacy right could be absolute and the government could put some restriction or not, he said that the aspect of privacy might be determined on a case-to-case basis. "In a technologically dynamic society it is imperative to keep dimensions of right to privacy flexible to adapt and adjust with the new scenarios," he said, adding many of the fundamental rights "cannot be enjoyed to the fullest in the absence of right to privacy". He further referred to the fact that India is a signatory to the Universal Declaration on Human Rights and now to say that right to privacy is a common law right only will be a "regressive" step. \r\nDoctors of a medical institute in Jharkhand operated on the right kidney of a patient when the stones were detected in the left one. After the patient's husband pointed out the mistake to the doctors, they assured him of treatment in a private hospital but later asked them to leave. The Urology department's head blamed junior doctors for the mistake.\r\nA patient?s right kidney was operated upon instead of the left at a premier medical hospital in Ranchi.Gudia Bai?s operation on the right kidney took place at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) while stones had been detected in her left kidney, her anguished husband Pradeep Kumar said on Wednesday.?Stones were detected by doctors in her left kidney. A private hospital asked us to pay Rs 40,000 for surgery. I am a driver and I can?t afford the amount. So I got her admitted in the RIMS. After the operation I found stitches in her right side instead of the left side. When I brought it to notice of the doctors, I was assured further treatment but nothing has happened,? Pradeep told reporters here.Gudia Bai was admitted to the hospital on Saturday and operated after she complained of severe pain, he said.The head of the Urology department has blamed junior doctors for the blunder. When Pradeep approached the doctor who had operated Gudia Bai, she was assured treatment in a private hospital but later asked to leave the hospital.A few days ago, the family of a dead person was denied an ambulance in Chatra district. His brother and sister-in-law then carried the body themselves.\r\nThe National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has approved Delhi-Panipat and Delhi-Alwar Regional Rapid Transit Systems projects worth ?53,500 crore. A ground survey for aligning the projects has already been done and building them along national highways would reportedly reduce time and cost. The NHAI also agreed to take up a project to decongest Delhi by connecting three national highways.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 19 (PTI) National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) today granted in-principle approval for construction of Delhi-Panipat and Delhi-Alwar Regional Rapid Transit Systems (RRTS) projects worth Rs 53,500 crore, a government official said. The 111-km Delhi-Sonipat-Panipat RRTS project is estimated to cost about Rs 16,500 crore, while the 180 km Delhi-Rewari-Alwar line will cost about Rs 37,000 crore. "NHAI has in principle agreed to construction of these two projects along NH-1 and NH-8. NHAI also in-principle, agreed to take up the Urban Extension Road-2 which would help in easing traffic congestion in Delhi," the official said. He said this was decided during a meeting between NHAI Chairman Deepak Kumar and Housing and Urban Affairs Secretary Durga Shanker Mishra here. DDA Vice-Chairman Uday Pratap Singh, National Capital Regional Transport Corporation (NCRTC) MD V K Singh and senior officials of the ministry and concerned organisations also attended the hour-long meeting. A ground survey for aligning the two RRTS projects has already been done by NCRTC and building them along national highways would significantly reduce construction time by over three years besides bringing down costs substantially since land acquisition would not be required, the official quoted Mishra as saying in the meeting. \r\nApollo Hospitals on Tuesday said that there was "no interference" in the medical treatment given to former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and that they are ready to face any probe. This comes after several political parties have demanded a detailed probe into the treatment given to Jayalalithaa and the circumstances that led to her hospitalisation. \r\nApollo Hospitals said on Tuesday there was ?no interference? in the treatment given to former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and it is ready to face any probe.Speaking to reporters here on Tuesday, Apollo Hospital Group?s Founder Chairman Prathap C Reddy said: ?We have all the data. There was no interference in the medical treatment given to her (Jayalalithaa).?He said Jayalalithaa was improving well but suddenly suffered cardiac arrest.Jayalalithaa was admitted to Apollo Hospital here on September 22, 2016 for fever and dehydration. She was in the hospital till she passed away on December 5, 2016.Several political parties including former Chief Minister O Panneerselvam have demanded a detailed probe into the treatment given to Jayalalithaa and the circumstances that led to her hospitalisation.\r\nAn RTI reply has revealed that AIADMK leader Sasikala was allowed 23 prison visits over the past 4 months, instead of the stipulated eight, according to reports. This is allegedly in violation of the prison rules which state that convicts can be allowed only one visit in a fortnight. Sasikala met around 48 visitors during these visits, the reports added. \r\nEven as a controversy over undue privileges accorded to AIADMK leader VK Sasikala at the Bengaluru Central Prison continues to rage on, a Right to Information (RTI) response has revealed that she was allowed a whopping 23 visits from February 16 ? the date of her incarceration ? to June 16.She met as many as 48 visitors during these visits.This is in violation of prison rules, which clearly stipulate that a convict is allowed just one visit in a fortnight. Ideally, Sasikala should have benefited from just eight visits till June 15.Sasikala and two of her relatives ? Elavarasi and Sudhakaran ? were imprisoned on the orders of the Supreme Court in a disproportionate assets case earlier this year.The prison department?s response, a copy of which is with HT, revealed that even Elavarasi was allowed 10 visits during this period. The three met as many as 82 people in just four months.Speaking to HT, RTI activist T Narasimha Murthy said allowing Sasikala and her relatives additional visits amounts to gross violation of rules. ?It is a known fact that poor inmates in the jail are not extended such privileges,? he added.Former deputy inspector general of police (prisons) Roopa D Moudgil had highlighted alleged violations at the Bengaluru prison on July 12. In a report, she said there were accusations that Sasikala had paid a bribe of Rs 2 crore to senior police officers ? including then director general of police (prisons) HN Sathyanarayana Rao. Subsequently, the state instituted a probe headed by retired Indian Administrative Services officer Vinay Kumar.Meanwhile, both Moudgil and Rao were transferred ?to ensure a fair investigation?.After visiting the jail, Kumar told reporters on Wednesday that he would not be able to comment on the terms of the inquiry and the timeline for submitting the report. ?The home department may inform the public once it is submitted,? he said.Murali Karnam, a researcher who has studied the condition of jails across India, said inequality in prison is just a reflection of the inequality that exists outside. ?Special privileges are sometimes accorded to wealthier prisoners by default, even without the payment of a bribe,? he added.Former director general of police (prisons) ST Ramesh said any information about Sasikala being allowed the alleged privileges was likely to influence public opinion. ?Even assuming that no bribe was paid, it would have been ideal if the prison department was more open. It should have informed the public about the pressures faced by them while handling a high-profile prisoner,? he added.\r\nThe J&K government has spent nearly ?2,000 crore during the financial year 2015-2016 in "violation of budgetary provisions", a Comptroller and Auditor General report said. According to the budget manual, no expenditure should be incurred on a scheme or service without a budgetary provision. The Social Welfare department spent nearly ?534 crore, the highest without budgetary provision.\r\nThe Jammu and Kashmir government has spent Rs 1,961 crore during the financial year 2015-16 in ?violation of budgetary provisions?, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India said in its report.?It was noticed that expenditure of Rs 1961.44 crore was incurred in 59 major heads of account without any (budget)\xa0 provision during 2015-16,? said the report on ?State Finance? for the year ending March 31, 2016.The report was tabled in the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly recently during its special session on GST.This has been spent without provision in the original estimates and supplementary demand and without any re- appropriation orders to this effect, it said.According to the report, some of departments which made the highest expenditure without budget provision include the Social Welfare department, which spent Rs 533.96 crore while the Finance department Rs 517.65 crore.The Health and Medical Education department made an expenditure of Rs 286.67 crore while the Agriculture department of Rs 104.80 crore, the Rural Development department Rs 146.81 crore, the Industries and Commerce department Rs 85.52 crore, the Public Works Department (PWD) Rs 73.96 crore and\xa0the Planning and Development department of Rs 71.13 crore.As per budget manual, expenditure should not be incurred on a scheme and service without any provision of funds, the CAG said. \r\nA mob of around 3,000 people on Wednesday set a police station in Shimla on fire after a rape accused was murdered in police custody. The accused, Suraj Singh, was allegedly murdered by a co-accused in the gangrape following a scuffle. The two suspects fought after Singh reportedly blamed the entire incident on the co-accused. \r\nAn accused in the murder and gangrape of a 16-year-old girl in Himachal Pradesh?s Kotkhai died in police custody early Wednesday, triggering violent clashes across the state that saw a mob burn down a police station and pelt stones at security personnel.The accused, Nepalese national Surat Singh, was allegedly strangled by another suspect, Rajendra Singh, during a scuffle inside the lock-up around 3am on Wednesday, police said. News of his death sent ripples of anger through the Himalayan state as people shouted slogans, clashed with police and blocked arterial roads, demanding an overhaul of what protesters deem a shoddy probe.Shimla superintendent of police DW Negi said a fight broke out between Rajendra and Surat around midnight inside the lock up. ?Surat was rushed to hospital where he was declared brought dead,? said Negi.Violence in kothkai, shimla, after an accused in rape and murder of a minor died in police custody pic.twitter.com/BkDez8PHM1? Chetan Chauhan (@chetanecostani) July 19, 2017The gangrape of the minor girl has rocked the poll-bound state where such crimes are uncommon. The girl, a Class 10 student, went missing on her way home from school on July 4 and her naked body was found two days later with injury marks. Since then, her photos have gone viral on social media as hundreds of people have come out on the streets to protest in candlelight marches, silent processions and road blockades. The state government also bowed to increasing public pressure and transferred the case to the Central Bureau of Investigation.The entire staff of Kotkhai police station, including the station house inspector, were suspended following the custodial death. Sources said the SHO kept all the six accused in two cells instead of keeping them in separate enclosures.Surat Singh?s death sparked protests across the state as Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad members took out a rally in central Shimla. There were long traffic jams in the upper regions of Himachal Pradesh as people blocked the highway from Shimla to Kotkhai. The epicentre of the incident ? Kotkhai, around 60 kilometres from Shimla  ? resembled a war zone. In the afternoon, a violent mob of around 3,000 surrounded the police station, set it on fire and injured several personnel. The police fired in the air to disperse the crowd but failed as protesters surrounded the living quarters of personnel.Unrest over the case has been simmering since the police claimed a breakthrough on July 13, and arrested six people: Ashish Chauhan (29), Rajinder Singh (32) of Sharaal village, Subash Singh Bisht (42) of Pauri Garhwal, Surat Singh (29) of Nepal, Lok Jan (19) of Nepal and Deepak (38) of Garhwal. They were produced before a court in Theog and sent to seven-day police remand.The police alleged that Rajendra Singh offered her a lift to her village Shirguli, nearly five kilometers from the school. Rajendra was not alone and was accompanied by four-five friends who were drunk. The occupants of the vehicle pulled her out and raped her, police said.Shimla: Villagers pelt stones&protest outside Kotkhai Police Station after 1 of the 6 accused in gang rape & murder of minor,died in custody pic.twitter.com/aE8dWOWSgE? ANI (@ANI_news) July 19, 2017But those arrested were different from the six men whose photos were being circulated on social media, and had also been temporarily posted on the official website of chief minister Virbhadra Singh. This raised further suspicion over the probe.The incident has seen massive protests against the state government even in the Congress stronghold of Shimla as protesters called the investigation an ?eyewash?. The outrage is also expected to singe the Virbhadra Singh government in elections scheduled for later this year as the opposition BJP is attempting to steer public anger against the government and police for going slow on the probe into the case.Virbhadra, also the state?s home minister who is facing several cases of corruption, has come under criticism from even his own party men for the slow progress in the investigation.\r\nAfter efforts to repeal and replace Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act collapsed, US President Donald Trump has said that Republicans should "let Obamacare fail". "I think we're probably in that position where we'll let Obamacare fail. We're not going to own it. I'm not going to own it," Trump added. Notably, around 2 crore people gained health coverage under Obamacare.\r\nDonald Trump said Republicans should ?let Obamacare fail?, after the dramatic collapse of efforts to repeal and replace Barack Obama?s Affordable Care Act (ACA).The president spoke as a new plan to simply repeal the 2010 law with no replacement was in effect strangled at birth by a deeply divided party. This followed the withdrawal of legislation, blindsiding the president, on Monday night.Venting his frustration, Trump said: ?Let Obamacare fail and it will be a lot easier. And I think we?re probably in that position where we?ll let Obamacare fail. We?re not going to own it. I?m not going to own it. I can tell you the Republicans are not going to own it. We?ll let Obamacare fail and then the Democrats are going to come to us.?Trump made the repeal and replacement of the ACA a central promise of his election campaign. Republicans, driven by ideological zeal, have spent seven years vowing to wipe out Obama?s signature legislative achievement. But they have been far less clear about their alternative.Their failure means that Trump will mark six months in office on Thursday without a major legislative achievement, despite Republicans controlling the White House, Senate and House of Representatives.The president received a chastening lesson about the limit of his power on Monday night as he hosted senators for a White House dinner, reportedly of steak and succotash. Even as he warned guests of the dire consequences of failing to kill the ACA while they control the both chambers of Congress, two senators who were not invited were preparing statements that would essentially grant it a stay of execution.Mike Lee of Utah and Jerry Moran of Kansas took the White House by surprise. The pair joined Susan Collins of Maine and Rand Paul of Kentucky in opposing the bill.The defections left the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, without enough votes to pass the bill. McConnell conceded in a statement at 10.47pm: ?Regretfully, it is now apparent that the effort to repeal and immediately replace the failure of Obamacare will not be successful.?McConnell on Tuesday vowed to bring repeal legislation to the Senate floor in the coming days, but this also fell apart when on Tuesday three Republicans ? Collins, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska ? came out against it, amid worries that repealing the healthcare law without a replacement would cause turmoil in insurance markets. ?I want this game plan explained to me,? Ron Johnson, a conservative senator from Wisconsin, told reporters on Capitol Hill, refusing to say if he still had faith in McConnell.In a floor speech on Tuesday evening, McConnell said that he would hold a vote to open debate on a measure to repeal the ACA ?early next week?, even though it is expected to fail. The decision to press ahead with a vote next week was made after consultation with his conference as well as a discussion with the president and vice-president, McConnell said. During an earlier press conference, the Kentucky Republican brushed aside criticism of his leadership and the process, saying: ?This has been a very, very challenging experience for all of us.?McConnell?s Democratic counterpart, the minority leader, Chuck Schumer, said Democrats remained prepared to work with Republicans on improving the healthcare law ?rather than sabotaging it?.Obama spent huge amounts of political capital to get the law passed in 2010. About 20 million people have gained coverage. Republicans were vehemently opposed from day one. They won the House in 2010, the Senate in 2014. A year later, the Senate voted to repeal Obamacare ? but it was inevitably vetoed by Obama. The House has voted more than 60 times to repeal or alter the ACA, but most of those votes were also merely symbolic.On Tuesday, the Arkansas senator Tom Cotton told the conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt: ?I don?t see how any Republican senator who voted just 18 months ago for this very piece of legislation could now flip-flop 18 months on with Obamacare still inflicting so much harm on Americans, and the fact that we campaigned on this for four straight elections.?As recently as January, however, Cotton himself warned against repealing the healthcare law without a replacement.Trump?s arrival on the scene upended the party. He stuck to the ?repeal and replace? mantra during the election campaign, but he also promised to protect Medicaid, the government programme that supports the poor, the vulnerable and the elderly. After winning the election, he told a press conference in January: ?It will be repeal and replace. It will be essentially simultaneously.?It will be various segments, you understand, but will most likely be on the same day or the same week, but probably the same day. Could be the same hour. So we?re going to do repeal and replace. Very complicated stuff.?But by February, as reality set in, his tone changed. ?Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated,? he said.Some House Republicans praised Trump for lobbying them in person and by phone, though others questioned how much he understood about the bill. After their first attempt ended in ignominy, they narrowly passed a bill and celebrated with Trump in the Rose Garden at the White House. Critics saw that as a moment of hubris. Weeks later, Trump privately described the House bill as ?mean?, reportedly infuriating many of the members.Then came wrangling the Senate, where Republicans? 52-48 majority leaves little room for error. Hopes rested on the shoulders of the wily McConnell. Just as in the House, the first package last month lacked enough support and was withdrawn.Then, last weekend, 80-year-old Senator John McCain of Arizona had surgery to remove a blood clot from above his left eye and remained in his home state to recover. This accident of history meant momentum was lost.The Republican effort has been hobbled by a split between moderates concerned about Medicaid cuts and conservatives who want more radical changes. The party has also faced the stark, politically unpalatable possibility that the ACA is a genie that cannot be wished back into the bottle.McConnell?s failed bill would have left 22 million uninsured by 2026, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO), an estimate that many Republicans found toxic and feared put them at risk of a political backlash.Some Republican and Democratic state governors, who help oversee the joint federal-state Medicaid programme as well as private health insurers, have resisted efforts to unravel the ACA, which expanded Medicaid in some states and cut the number of uninsured citizens. Congressional Democrats have remained united in opposition.?The core of this bill is unworkable,? Schumer said, adding that Republicans ?should start from scratch and work with Democrats on a bill that lowers premiums, provides long-term stability to the markets and improves our healthcare system?.Some Republicans signalled on Tuesday a willingness to team up with Democrats to stabilise the marketplace as a temporary fix. But John Cornyn of Texas, the Senate Republican whip, poured cold water on the idea, telling reporters he opposed any ?bailout? of insurance companies.There are, however, two possible consolations for Trump from the latest setback. Projections by the CBO and others suggest that the Republican bill would have hit his own supporters the hardest, in states such as West Virginia. Paradoxically, doing nothing may be better for his base.Secondly, he is already returning to themes of his anti-establishment election campaign, blaming Washington politicians from both parties for the deadlock. Mike Pence said on Capitol Hill: ?The Senate should vote to repeal now and replace later, or return to the legislation carefully crafted in the House and Senate. But either way, inaction is not an option. Congress needs to step up. Congress needs to do their job and Congress needs to do their job now.? Republicans vented frustration with colleagues who had previously supported a measure to repeal the healthcare law when Obama wielded the veto power, but were now reluctant to do so. ?Everybody?s frustrated ? a lot of us are ? that we have got a few people running on this when they shouldn?t,? said Richard Shelby, a reliably conservative senator from Alabama, referring to Republicans? seven years of promises to repeal the ACA. \r\nFormer cricketer Sachin Tendulkar has said he and Wimbledon champion Roger Federer connect over PlayStation. "Roger follows cricket... When he is playing video games, he prefers Sachin and when I am playing any racquet game, I prefer to be Roger," said Sachin. The cricketer was present at the semi-final, where Federer defeated Tom\xe1? Berdych to reach his 11th Wimbledon final.\r\nThe friendship between Sachin Tendulkar and Roger Federer is well-documented, and India?s shining example of sporting longevity was at hand to witness the Swiss maestro sweep to a record eighth Wimbledon triumph aged 35.Tendulkar, who was in the Royal Box when Federer crushed Croatia?s Marin Cilic in straight sets in Sunday?s final spoke of the mutual admiration, which extends to the virtual world as well.?Roger follows cricket. Also, something which I learnt is that when Roger is playing video games, he prefers (to use) Sachin and when I am playing any racquet game, I prefer to be Roger,? Tendulkar said here on Tuesday after being unveiled as brand ambassador of the Sony sports network. READ?|?Sachin Tendulkar heaps praises on Mithali Raj, calls her ?tremendous athlete?Tendulkar, who signed off on his grand career in 2013, recalled the joy of watching different sports. ?It is fantastic because you rub shoulders with some of the champions, not just in the current era. When I was at Wimbledon, I got to meet the great Rod Laver, Bjorn Borg, they are all amazing personalities.?When I go to Formula One, I get to meet great personalities who have achieved so much. To be there and breathe and soak in that atmosphere is incredible.?I remember a race in Silverstone when Sir Frank Williams was there and also Sir Jackie Stewart, the great F1 champion. Sir Jackie took a grid walk with me and said ?I will take you all around and tell you more about F1?.? READ?|?Wimbledon 2017: Roger Federer got a hangover due to post-title win celebrationsTendulkar urged Indian fans to whole-heartedly support the Fifa U-17 World Cup, which India will host from October. ?The age of 17 in today?s world is not young. It is just about when you are looking to be competitive, it is the age when you are looking to push hard and sometimes cross the line. But there are guys who stay within limits and go out and deliver.?For any sportsperson, the best thing is how the spectators are responding, and this is India?s great opportunity to show our support for other sports; this is only about taking it to the next level. I am sure the spectators won?t disappoint us Indians, go out and support those youngsters, and above all Indians.? \r\nBCCI intervened and cut short Indian captain Virat Kohli's first official media interaction after the appointment of Ravi Shastri as the team's head coach. The media interaction, which was the last before the team left for the Sri Lanka tour on Wednesday, was supposed to be 15 minutes long but was cut short to 10 minutes.\r\nThe Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) made it clear on Wednesday that it wants to quickly get over the Anil Kumble controversy.It was the first official media interaction of skipper Virat Kohli and new coach Ravi Shastri together, before the team left for the Sri Lanka tour on Wednesday. The interaction was supposed to be for 15 minutes, but was reduced to just 10 minutes for no apparent reason.Many hands went up to get a chance to ask questions, but the opportunity never arrived for most. The haphazard and abrupt manner in which the press conference ended gave one the feeling that BCCI wanted to avoid Kohli having to field any question on Kumble?s unceremonious departure as coach despite emphatic performances by the team.READ?|?Ravi Shastri takes subtle dig at Sourav Ganguly-led Cricket Advisory CommitteeKohli had initially rubbished reports of a rift between Kumble and the Indian team, saying during the ICC Champions Trophy that there were ?no problems? between him and Kumble, and the reports were just ?rumours? created by the media.That the captain and coach were not on talking terms and were not seeing eye-to-eye was evident even during the training sessions at the Champions Trophy.While the Indian team left for the West Indies from London, Kumble stayed back for an ICC meeting and then announced he was not seeking an extension to his one-year term. Following that Kohli even deleted a year-old tweet welcoming Kumble.Kohli has avoided publicly discussing Kumble?s departure and has insisted that would mean violating the sanctity of dressing room discussions not coming out.READ?|?Ravi Shastri insists players more important to India than coachWhen Kohli was asked about getting his choice of coach and support staff, he said: ?I think understanding and communication is something that works in every walk of life and the dressing room environment is nothing different.?When Shastri was asked the same question, he said: ?I will answer that same question wearing two hats and I promise you there is no conflict of interest here. One as a player and as a former captain, when you play the game you want your mind to be clear. You want to be able to focus inwards without a care in the world for anything on the outside and that happens with good communication with the support staff.?Now, I will go on the other side as the head coach. My job is to do exactly that for every player, to put him in a frame of mind only about his role; he is thinking about the team that he is playing for and of course the opposition, which we always respect. That is his job, period.?\r\nGang members in New Zealand are reportedly planning to organise a 'fight club' involving boxing matches between rival gangs that leaders hope will present a way to vent tension. The organisers claimed that a series of killings in Northland last year had escalated gang tensions. Notably, 80% of violence in the region is related to disputes over drugs.\r\nHundreds of gang members in New Zealand are preparing for the inaugural ?fight club? ? an organised boxing match between rival gangs that leaders hope will present a safe way to vent simmering tensions.Some 60 rival gang members from some of New Zealand?s most notorious chapters ? including Black Power, Head Hunters and Nomads ? will face off at a Whangarei community centre on Saturday night. It is the fourth choice of venue after three other options pulled out of the controversial event. Former gang member and event organiser Tokomauri Hoterene said a spate of gang killings in Northland on the North Island in 2016 had brought gang tensions in his region to new highs. There are ten different gangs in Northland and Hoterene said 80% of the violence is related to disputes over drugs. Hoterene and his fellow organisers hope some of the lingering anger can be punched out in the boxing ring, but its been a challenge to get venues and some members of the community on board. ?As soon as anybody hear?s gang ? boom ? shuts down. We went through three venues till we actually found one ... we are looking at doing this properly, it has to be controlled because we want this to continue,? Hoterene told Maori Television.  ?I?d rather walk out of a ring with a broken nose and a black eye and maybe some more missing teeth than I would coming home in a box? The president of the New Zealand chapter of the Mongrel Mob known as Smashdog told Maori Television it was about time gangs started addressing their differences. ?We should be sticking together you know, brothers aye, that?s what we?re all about, sticking together,? he said.  ?Things have changed. We?re trying to make good all the P [methamphetamine] and all that sort of stuff and all the murders. We?ve just had enough.?Whangarei Police said in a statement they were aware of fight night and there would be an increased police presence in the area. Maori wardens will also be there.?Police will conduct checks of those attending, and traveling to and from the event,? the statement said.\r\nThe Russian state consumer watchdog has warned that fidget spinners are harmfully addictive to children and that they could make people vulnerable to messages of the political opposition. Claiming that using spinners could manipulate people, officials observed that "it is not by chance that they have started selling spinners" at opposition rallies.\r\nRussia?s state consumer watchdog has warned that fidget spinners could be harmfully addictive, after state TV said the toys could make people susceptible to the messages of the political opposition.The watchdog said it had noted ?the aggressive promotion of so-called spinners around children and teenagers? and was aware of concern from parents and teachers.It said it would ask scientists to ?study the effects of the influence of spinners on children?s health, including possible negative consequences?.The announcement, accompanied by warnings not to buy spinners on the street and to check them for chemical smells, came after fearmongering over the toys on state television.A show called Virus on Rossiya 24 television on 12 July called spinners an ?instrument for zombifying? and a ?form of hypnosis?.Spinners ?often have a negative effect on the psyche and make a person susceptible to manipulation?, the presenter warned.?Possibly it is not by chance that they have started selling spinners? at opposition rallies, he added.The Life News pro-Kremlin news site on Tuesday ran a feature on ?Seven tragedies that happened to children because of spinners?, including a six-year-old boy who got one stuck on his finger.The move to check spinners prompted plenty of ridicule.?How would you check this? Make 1,000 children play with 1,000 spinners for 1,000 hours and then make them write a test?? wrote the video blogger and comedian Yury Khovansky on Twitter.The toys first became popular in the US this spring before hitting Europe. They have been banned at some schools in the US, France and Britain. Donald Trump?s son Barron was photographed playing with one last month as he descended the steps of Air Force One.\r\nThe US on Wednesday listed Pakistan among a list of nations providing "safe havens" to terrorists and said groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammed continue to operate and organise in the country. The annual 'Country Report on Terrorism' said, "Pakistan did not take sufficient action" against the groups and did not limit their ability to threaten US interests in Afghanistan.\r\nPakistan remained in the dock in the Trump administration?s first worldwide assessment of terrorism and related threats, released on Wednesday, for not doing enough to combat terrorist groups and individuals operating from its soil.The state department?s 2016 Country Reports on Terrorism named Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) and Jaish-e-Mohammad(JeM), the two groups behind most terror attacks in India, and the Haqqani network, which has attacked US-led coalition forces in Afghanistan, as organisations that operate from Pakistan havens. In language lifted almost word-for-word from its previous iterations, the latest report said, ?Pakistan did not take sufficient action against other externally focused groups, such as Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammad in 2016, which continued to operate, train, organise, and fundraise in Pakistan.?The report stated further, ?The Pakistani military and security forces undertook operations against groups that conducted attacks within Pakistan such as Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan (but they) did not take substantial action against the Afghan Taliban or HQN (Haqqani network), or substantially limit their ability to threaten US interests in Afghanistan??As before, Pakistan figured on the list of countries in the report that the US says provide safe haven to terrorist groups such as Haqqani Network, LeT and JeM. ?Although LeT is banned in Pakistan,? it said, ?LeT?s wings Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) and Falah-i-Insaniat Foundation (FiF) were able to openly engage in fundraising, including in the capital,? it said. The report said Indian authorities continued to blame Pakistan for cross-border attacks in Jammu and Kashmir. ?In January, India experienced a terrorist attack against an Indian military facility in Pathankot, Punjab, which was blamed by authorities on JeM,? the report said. Worldwide, the Islamic State remained ?the most potent terrorist threat to global security?, the report said, ?with eight recognised branches and numerous undeclared networks operating beyond the group?s core concentration in Iraq and Syria?.And, the report added, ?Iran remained the foremost state sponsor of terrorism in 2016 as groups supported by Iran maintained their capability to threaten US interests and allies.? Read |?US looks to cut aid to Pakistan, other client nations in coming budgetIn terms of the number of terrorist attacks, an appendix prepared for the state department by an outside body found a dip. ?The total number of terrorist attacks in 2016 decreased by 9% and total deaths due to terrorist attacks decreased by 13%, compared to 2015. This was largely due to fewer attacks and deaths in Afghanistan, Syria, Nigeria, Pakistan, and Yemen.?The observations on Pakistan were almost the same as observations in the country reports for 2015, for instance, reflecting a continuity from the previous Obama administration that had in August 2016 punished Pakistan for its patchy counter-terrorism by withholding $300 million in defence aid.Earlier that year, the US Senate had come together in a bipartisan effort to kill a proposal for a subsidised sale of eight new F-17 combat jets to Pakistan for exactly the same reason ? not acting resolutely enough against terrorists based on its soil.The Trump administration has already indicated its views on Pakistan?s counter-terrorism efforts are no different. National Security Adviser HR McMaster delivered that message directly to the Pakistani leadership during a visit to Islamabad in April, emphasising ?the need to confront terrorism in all its forms?.President Donald Trump has personally not weighed in on this yet, but his remarks on Twitter from 2012 may point to his thinking: ?Get it straight. Pakistan is not our friend? When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some ?ally?.? \r\nFilmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali will launch actor Jaaved Jaaferi's son Meezan in Bollywood. Meezan, who has assisted Bhansali on the film Bajirao Mastani, was said to be chosen after auditioning for the role. Bhansali will reportedly be co-producing the film under Bhansali Productions while it will be directed by Mangesh Hadawale, known for directing the Marathi film Tingya.\r\nFilmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali will be launching actor Jaaved Jaaferi?s son Meezan in his home production. Meezaan, who worked with Bhansali as an assistant director on Bajirao Mastani, has studied filmmaking from Visual Arts in New York.The film produced by Bhansali Productions and Mahaveer Jain, will be directed by Mangesh Hadawale. Bhansali has earlier launched star kids Ranbir Kapoor and Sonam Kapoor, who also worked as assistant directors with him.The filmmaker?s next directorial venture is Padmavati starring Ranveer Singh, Deepika Padukone and Shahid Kapoor.\r\nFour airlines including IndiGo, Air India, SpiceJet, and Vistara on Wednesday lifted their ban on Telugu Desam Party MP Diwakar Reddy. The parliamentarian was banned by seven airlines after he allegedly manhandled IndiGo staff last month when they did not let him board an aircraft. Reportedly, Reddy has also agreed to withdraw the case he had filed against the airlines.\r\n IndiGo revoked on Wednesday a ban on TDP parliamentarian JC Diwakar Reddy who manhandled the airline?s staff at the Vishakhapatnam airport last month after being denied boarding for arriving late for a flight.The decision came after Reddy met officials from the airline in a meeting in New Delhi set up by Union minister for science and technology, YS Chowdary. ?The issue is amicably resolved between the two sides and IndiGo decided to lift the said ban with immediate effect,? a statement from the airline said. ?Reddy has also agreed to withdraw the case he filed (against eight airlines which has banned Reddy from flying in domestic flights).?On June 16, Reddy ? the Anantapur Lok Sabha representative ? misbehaved with IndiGo staff at the Vishakhapatnam airport when they refused to give him a boarding pass for his flight to Hyderabad since the gates had been closed. The lawmaker went on to shout at the airline employees, and surveillance footage showed him banging his hands on a printer and pushing an IndiGo staffer.#CCTVVisuals: TDP MP JC Diwakar Reddy created ruckus at Visakhapatnam airport today,allegedly raged against staff using aggressive behaviour pic.twitter.com/JqUtcyKq0e? ANI (@ANI_news) June 15, 2017Shortly after the fracas, other Indian airlines stood by IndiGo, and Reddy was banned from travelling by Air India, Jet Airways, Vistara Airlines, GoAir, AirAsia, SpiceJet and Turbo Megha Airways.The incident with Reddy, and the response from the airlines, were a near repeat of what had happened with another member of Parliament who misbehaved with airlines officials. Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad was also temporarily banned by airlines after he assaulted an Air India staffer, triggering a controversy that prompted the Union government to release proposed rules for a national no-fly list for unruly passengers. The rules, yet to be formalised, propose a ban on flying from at least three months up to an indefinite period for a range of misdemeanour. State-run Air India followed IndiGo in revoking the ban on Reddy, ANI reported.IndiGo said it had informed the Federation of Indian Airlines about the decision to lift the ban on the TDP MP. ?IndiGo appreciates and thanks the member airlines for their continued support,? it said.Reddy had challenged the ban in court, and the case was scheduled to come up for hearing in Hyderabad high court on July 21. Justice SV Bhatt, who admitted Reddy?s petition, issued ?urgent notices? to the managements of the airlines, and the Union government over the matter. \r\nThe Maharashtra government has decided to increase the compensation for rape and acid attack survivors from ?3 lakh to ?10 lakh. Adding that the compensation was categorised for different cases, officials said the maximum compensation will be provided to survivors of the most horrific acts of violence, leading to physical and mental disability.\r\n The Maharashtra government has decided to increase compensation for rape and acid attack survivors to Rs10 lakh. This compensation, however, will be for those survivors, who have been meted with the most horrific acts of violence, including gang-rape, leading to physical and mental disability. The state cabinet on Tuesday took this decision to increase the compensation offered under the 2013 ?Manodhairya? scheme to provide financial assistance to survivors. The scheme offered assistance of up to Rs3 lakh. ?In cases where women face gang-rape or permanent physical or mental disability through violent actions, such survivors need the maximum amount of help for rehabilitation. But there may also be other cases where rape is attempted on the pretext of marriage or the crime doesn?t lead to permanent physical trauma or disfigurement. Considering this, we have categorised compensation for different cases,? said Vinita Singhal, principal secretary, women and child development department.?In the most cruel crime, where the survivor faces permanent disability, financial assistance will be Rs10 lakh. Of this, 25% or Rs2.5 lakh will be disbursed immediately to the survivor while the remaning Rs7.5 lakh will be a fixed deposit in the bank and the survivor will continue to get monthly interest on it,? she said.For other cases, the monetary help will be Rs3 lakh, Rs2 lakh and Rs1 lakhUnder the old scheme, the state government would give a maximum of Rs3 lakh to survivors who suffered from complete disfigurement of the face or physical handicap in case of an acid attack, while those with minor injuries were getting Rs50,000.Apart from the monetary compensation, the government, under this scheme, also provides counselling to the survivors and vocational or educational training.\r\nThe Unique Identification Authority of India has launched 'mAadhaar', a new app for syncing Aadhaar data on mobile phones. The app allows users to carry their Aadhaar information including name, date of birth, gender, address, and the linked photograph, on their smartphones. The app also allows users to lock or unlock biometrics data.\r\nYou will be able to carry your Aadhaar's demographic information on your smartphone from now on. This will be possible via the newly launched mAadhaar application by the Unique Authentication of India (UIDAI). mAadhaar or Mobile Aadhaar will let you carry the digital version of your Aadhaar eKYC details on your smartphone, just as the name suggests. This can be done just by signing up to the mAadhaar app, which is already available for download via the Google Play store. For now, the mAadhaar app announced by UIDAI is available for the Android smartphone users only. However, chances are that it might soon roll out to the iOS users as well. With this initiative, UIDAI reduces the burden of carrying the Aadhaar card everywhere you go, given the fact that Aadhaar eKYC details are required for everything today. Modi Government has been talking about digital India for a long time now, and this (mAadhaar) is yet another move for the digital future. So, how does the mAadhaar app works? Here are all the details, and the features you should know. All that needs to be done is download the mAadhaar application on Android phone first, and then login with Aadhaar details. After which you will be able to download your Aadhaar number profile. "This is a convenient way to carry Aadhaar number with demographic details anytime, anywhere," mentions the app description. Apart from providing the digital version of the Aadhaar card, the app does a lot more.\xa0 Also Read:\xa0Before filing Income Tax returns, use these steps to link Aadhaar number with PAN cardmAadhaar app also allow you to lock or unlock their biometrics data. Further, you will be able to secure biometric authentication by locking biometrics data. However, in case someone at some point wants to unlock their biometric details, they can also do that. They can simply disable the locking system on the app.Furthermore, the mAadhaar app also comes with Time-based One-Time Password (TOTP) feature as well. Time-based One-Time Password is basically an automatically generated temporary password which can be used instead of SMS based OTP. This will ensure that the your details are much safer than ever. mAadhaar application also allow you to get the updated view of the profile upon completion of the update request. Further, the app also let users share QR code and password protected eKYC data to retrieve accurate demographic information from it instead of manual entry.Before login in with the mAdhaar app, it should be ensured that your phones number is linked to their Aadhaar card. The app description mentions: "Registered Mobile Number is essential to use mAadhaar app. In case your mobile number is not registered with Aadhaar visit the nearest Enrolment Centre/Mobile Update End Point."--Visit nearest Aadhar Center -- Fill the Aadhaar Data update or correction form-- Provide ID proof along with the Form \r\nActress Bhumi Pednekar has said that in her opinion, most Indian men are MCPs (male chauvinist pigs). "The people that need to blamed are those mothers and fathers who are inculcating these dated, old-school teachings to their sons," added Bhumi. She further questioned, "How is it OK for you to eve-tease a girl or touch her inappropriately?"\r\nWhen she made her film debut in 2015, Bhumi Pednekar was the antithesis of the Bollywood heroine ? playing an overweight bride whose husband refuses to accept her and her body type. In her second film, Pednekar plays another newly-wed, but this time she is a feisty woman who leaves her husband after discovering he doesn?t have a toilet in the house.Bhumi Pednekar during a jewellery exhibition in Mumbai onJuly 15.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tToilet: Ek Prem Katha, which releases August 11, focuses on a serious problem that plagues millions of Indians. A World Bank report said more than half of Indian households don?t have toilets, which poses countless health and safety hazards. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, acknowledging the seriousness of the issue, launched the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, or Clean India Mission after he came to power in 2014 to modernise sanitation in the country.Pednekar spoke to Reuters about the film and how it opened her eyes to the issue of open defecation.Did you find it hard to relate to the issue in Toilet: Ek Prem Katha?When they (filmmakers) first told me about it, I said, ?This is not an urban problem.? But the truth of the matter is, all my life I have seen people squatting beside the railway tracks and doing their business. I remember when the July 26 floods happened in 2005. I was walking back from college and I had shit floating all around me. It is definitely an urban problem. But yes, it is definitely a bigger rural problem. Through the film, we are commenting on the Indian mindset. There is a line in the film where a character says, ?Jis ghar mein tulsi hai us ghar mein shauch kaise bana sakte hain?? (How can you build a toilet in your house when you have a ?tulsi? plant - which Hindus consider holy).All these years, I thought this was an issue because the government doesn?t provide enough infrastructure or there is poverty. But the bigger problem is that people don?t believe in using the toilet. They don?t believe that it is a necessity and a right. In 2017, the women of your house need to go and defecate in the open? That is sad. Bhumi Pednekar during a jewellery exhibition in Mumbai onJuly 15.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(IANS)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tAnd it is mostly women who bear the brunt?The men too, but this is harder on women. This film opened my eyes to a lot of things. Fifty-four percent of our country does not have access to bathrooms. Whatever toilets the government has provided, people have turned them into shops or godowns. Fifty percent of rape cases in India happen when women defecate in the open.Not only is it a health scare, because for 12-14 hours, you?ve controlled yourself, you are not going and relieving yourself from a process that is as natural as breathing? you are working, taking care of the children, sweeping the floor, cooking food, working in farms. And then when you do get a chance to relieve yourself, you don?t have any peace of mind because you don?t know when you?ll be attacked or molested. You don?t know when someone will come take a video or take a picture. And this is such a private act. Even if we have a friend sitting outside the bathroom door, we are uncomfortable. Imagine sharing it with 20 other women. Shooting those scenes were the toughest for me ? I just couldn?t get to it, even though I was acting. If it was tough for me, imagine how much we are hurting the self-respect and dignity of women who are actually going through this every day.Do you think a film like this can help spread awareness about the issue?Definitely. Films are the largest and most impactful medium. In today?s times, it needs to be entertaining, yes, but if you have a chance of giving a message or changing a mindset, why not? People worship stars, so why not use that to the benefit of our society? Primarily, this is a beautiful love story between Keshav and Jaya. They are simple, straightforward characters, and the villain in their love story is a toilet. Did you meet the woman on whom this story is based?This film is not based on a particular story. We have been inspired by all these women and I have read about them in-depth. When you start reading about them, you understand their mindset. It is so difficult for them ? it is a violation of their privacy, their health and security. Even otherwise, Indian women are perpetually scared. On the days I don?t have my car and I am coming by cab at 2 am, my mum is up because she is worried. You can belong to any strata of society? In both your films, you play a woman who is willing to stand up to her family and in-laws, which is very atypical. Is that a conscious decision?I have been very lucky to get these roles. And these are not women that come from money. They are girls whose fathers probably mortgaged their houses to get them married. And the next day, they have the balls to leave their husband. In that social economic strata, the story of spirit is so high. They are real feminists, they just have not had the chance to act upon what they believe in. Hypothetically, if I am in an unhappy marriage, my parents will not say, ?drop it and come back?. For them, it is not easy. Did you learn anything about the men in these women?s lives?I already have an opinion about men ? not men that belong to this socio-economic strata, but Indian men in general. Most of them are MCPs (male chauvinist pigs), and the people that need to blamed are those mothers and fathers who are inculcating these dated, old-school teachings to their sons. How is it OK for you to eve-tease a girl or touch her inappropriately? Today, because of social media, a lot of these cases are coming out and you understand the hypocrisy of the average Indian male. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe director of Game of Thrones season 7's premiere episode, Jeremy Podeswa, has defended Ed Sheeran's cameo and said he did a "lovely job". "He was appropriate for the part because he needed to sing. If people didn't know who Ed was, they wouldn't have thought about it twice," he added. Jeremy further said people interrogated the cameo too much.\r\nEd Sheeran?s appearance as a singing Lannister soldier in Game of Thrones season seven premiere episode was mocked, but director Jeremy Podeswa has nothing but praise for the English musician.Sheeran was mocked to a point that he decided to delete his Twitter account. The singer, however, came back on the microblogging site after a brief disappearance, reported Variety.?It was lovely working with Ed. He is one of the nicest guys in the world. He?s lovely, he?s a team player, he wants to do a good job, he takes direction, he?s very open. He?s a big fan of the show and was really excited to be a part of it.?I think his lovely voice was used to great effect and he just has a really nice presence. He blends into the world of the show in a nice way where if you didn?t have all these associations with him and his musical career, nobody would even blink about his presence on the show,? Podeswa said.Sheeran?s appearance as a Lannister soldier drew a mix of criticism and praise from fans of the HBO series, including some saying his appearance was distracting.The scene depicted Sheeran and other soldiers singing around a campfire and sharing their food with Maisie Williams? character, Arya Stark.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nAs per reports, Mumbai Police may close the case against comedy group AIB for posting a meme on PM Modi on Twitter as "the case is weak". Earlier, the police charged AIB of obscenity and defamation after receiving a complaint on the official Mumbai police Twitter handle. Legal experts had commented that Modi's consent was required for the defamation case.\r\n With neither Prime Minister Narendra Modi nor any of his relatives alleging defamation or insult through the meme on Twitter, the Mumbai police are contemplating closing the case against All India Bakchod (AIB) co-founder Tanmay Bhat.On Thursday, the AIB tweeted a picture of Modi?s doppelganger peering into his mobile phone at a railway station.?They also uploaded a picture of Modi superimposed with a Snapchat filter with #Wanderlust, allegedly meant to mock Modi?s frequent foreign trips. After receiving a barrage of insults and hate messages from trolls, the group deleted its post.A senior police official told HT the case is weak. He said the post against Modi led to outrage on Twitter, with a complaint on the official Mumbai police Twitter handle too. Taking note of the complaint, the police booked the group for obscenity and defamation under the IT Act and IPC. Legal experts like Majeed Memon, Abha Singh, Dr Olav Albuquerque said the aggrieved person, in this case Modi,  should file the defamation case. Albuquerque said the police can file an FIR only when they have consent of Modi or any of his relatives. Even as police officials close to the investigation are refusing to come on record they said the case may not stand in court..\r\nSachin Tendulkar, while wishing former Australian pacer Dennis Lillee on his 68th birthday, revealed that it was Lillee who advised him to forget about becoming a fast bowler. Sachin said that when he visited the MRF Pace Foundation in Chennai in 1987 to hone his fast bowling skills, Lillee noticed his batting skills and asked him to stick to batting.\r\nFormer Australian fast bowler Dennis Lillee turned 68 on Tuesday and while there were a number of wishes from former cricketers and fans across social media, the most iconic one came from a legend of the game who admitted that he ?pretended to be a Dennis Lillee in the nets?.What made it iconic is that the legend is none other than former India batsman Sachin Tendulkar. With over 34,000 runs to his name in his international career, Tendulkar is regarded as arguably the best batsman in the history of the game with comparisons drawn alongside the legendary Sir Don Bradman. It isn?t a secret anymore that Tendulkar wanted to be a fast bowler at one point, but that didn?t happen, and instead he rolled his arms as a part-time leg-spinner later in his career.READ?| Ravichandran Ashwin fastest to 250 Test scalps, breaks Dennis Lillee?s recordIn a video posted on Facebook by Tendulkar late on Tuesday night, he wishes Lillee on his birthday before stating: ?I can?t ever forget the day I met you in Chennai in 1987. I was there to become a fast bowler, but this is something most of the guys don?t know. I was always a batter but while catching the train from Mumbai to Chennai, my brother told me ?It won?t be a bad idea to carry your batting gear because after bowling for a while, you might be standing there doing nothing. And that time you can pad up and play against all those fast bowlers.? I actually ended up doing that for the rest of the week. You correctly said ?I think this young lad should go out and bat and forget about bowling.??Well, Lillee seemed to have seen the talent hidden in that 16-year-old back then and the rest is history. However, Tendulkar admits that it wasn?t the end of his dreams of becoming a fast bowler and added: ?But that desire continued and instead of bowling in matches, I used to fulfill all my desires at the nets, bowling from 17 yards (and) sometimes also pretended to be a Dennis Lillee at the nets.?\r\nThe Railway Protection Force (RPF) on Tuesday arrested a man who broke an LCD screen on the luxury train Tejas Express. The accused was presented before a court where he was fined ?22,000 for damaging government property. The RPF reportedly traced the man using mobile call data records and the passenger reservation chart. \r\n A Dadar resident was on Tuesday arrested for breaking and damaging an LCD screen on the Mumbai-Goa Tejas Express last month.The Railway Protection Force (RPF) arrested Nandadeep Sandeep Keer, after going through the passenger reservation chart from the IRCTC and scanning cell phone call records. The case was registered on June 10. The high-speed train from Mumbai to Goa, the fastest so far between the two cities, made its first trip amid much fanfare in May.Read more: Tejas Express: Grand launch, theft to arrest, 5 times the Mumbai-Goa train was in the newsThe train boasted of amenities such as WiFi, GPS and CCTV cameras, unique features such as automatic doors, secured gangways, infotainment screens for each passenger, reading lights above every seat and vaccum bio-toilets, among other facilities.But soon after the first trip, the train came back with fewer headphones, damaged infotainment screens and with waste strewn all over.Keer damaged the LCD screen on seat number 49 on the C11 coach, said an RPF official. Keer, however, had himself booked on seat 54.He was arrested under 145(b), 145 (c) and 147 of the Railway Act and in court. He has been fined Rs 22,000 for damaging government propertyRead more: Tejas Express 1st Mumbai-Goa trip: Passengers steal headphones, damage screens\r\nTextile traders in Surat on Tuesday called off their two-week-long strike against the imposition of 5% tax on textiles under the GST regime. This comes after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley assured them that the GST Council will discuss this next month. The traders had shut their shops, resorted to stone-pelting and carried out a silent march against the tax.\r\nThe traders in Surat have called off their two-week-long strike against the imposition of 5% GST on textiles following the Centre?s assurance to look into their demand for its rollback.Thousands of textile merchants in Surat had shut their shops since the last two weeks to protest the new tax structure.The announcement to withdraw the protest was made on by the traders who met finance minister Arun Jaitley in Delhi on July 17.?During the meeting, Jaitley assured us that the issue of the Goods and Services Tax on cloth will be taken up in the next GST Council meeting to be held on August 5. Thus, we have decided to call off the strike till that date,? said Manoj Agrawal, a textile trader.?If no favourable decision comes in that GST Council meeting, we will think of going on strike again to raise our demand for abolishing the five per cent GST,? he said.Surat has one of the biggest textile markets in the country.On July 3, thousands of protesting traders had gathered near the Ring Road in Surat, where the main market is situated, demanding scrapping of GST on textiles.Police then wielded batons to disperse the agitators who allegedly engaged in stone-pelting, an official earlier said.On July 8, the textile traders organised a silent march here to protest against five per cent GST imposed on the sector. \r\nIndian pacer Mohammed Shami was trolled on social media after he posted pictures of his wife during their daughter's second birthday celebrations. The cricketer was trolled with many users commenting that his wife committed a "sin" by not wearing a hijab. Shami was subjected to similar treatment last year after he posted his wife's picture in a sleeveless dress.\r\nIndian cricket team fast bowler Mohammed Shami has once again become a victim of social media trolling after he posted pictures of his wife during their daughter?s second birthday celebrations.The cricketer was trolled as many felt that his wife Hasin Jahan committed a ?sin? by not wearing a hijab during the birthday celebrations.?Sad to see your wife without hijab. my dear shami sir do not look at the smallness of the sin, rather look at the one whom you are disobeying,? Sharun Km from Kunnamkulam posted with a hashtag #GoToHell.READ?|?Irfan Pathan was trolled for tweeting this ?un-Islamic? photo of his wifeSyed Akhtar from Beijing wrote: ?Do you want to please right wings by not wearing hijab nd celebrating birthday.?Mohammad Tahir Faisal from Patna tweeted: ?Drown in shame... Are you Muslim, I don?t think so you?re Muslim...Islam can?t allow you to celebrate Birthday in that fashion.?However, the fast bowler?s fans came out in strong support of him.?Sad to see insects like you crawl out out of the gutter,? Prajay Basu from Mumbai posted.My princess Aairah's 2nd birthday celebration ??? pic.twitter.com/JgNtZFJVqy? Mohammed Shami (@MdShami11) July 18, 2017Bhagya Teja of Bengaluru asked: ?When will you?re petty mindset change??The trolling on social network came a day after Jadavpur police arrested three youths for allegedly attacking Shami late on July 22 when he was returning home to Katju Nagar, behind South City Mall.Police have beefed up security in the area.?Police patrol and officer of anti-rowdy section have been asked to patrol the area and the road in front of his apartment to prevent any untoward incident,? an officer at the Jadavpur Police Station told PTI.READ?|?Ravichandran Ashwin trolled by Manchester United fans ? here is whyThis was not the first time that Shami found himself at the receiving end of social media beamers for his wife?s choice of clothes. He faced similar trolling during Christmas celebrations last year.At that time, Shami uploaded some family pictures of his wife and daughter in western outfits.Another India cricketer Irfan Pathan also faced a similar social media ire after he posted an ?un-Islamic? photograph with his wife wearing nail polish.\r\nMalayalam news channel Mathrubhumi has announced a 'First Day of Period' leave for its female employees. The additional leave will not be counted under sick leave, and will soon be extended to the company's online and print ventures. "We felt that it was a very good and practical practice to adopt. And so the decision was taken," the company said.\r\nMalayalam media giant, Mathrubhumi has now decided to announce 'First Day of Period' leave for its employees. Earlier this month, Mumbai based digital media company Culture Machine had announced the 'First Day of Period' leave policy. The leave policy will come into place immediately. The company's Joint Managing Director MV Shreyams Kumar was quoted as saying that the additional leave will be granted to its women employees which will "not be counted under sick leave or casual leave". As many as 75 out of the 320 employees with Matrubhumi channel are women. The policy that is implemented only in Mathrubhumi TV will soon be extended to online and print verticals as well. "When this other firm came forward with the idea, we felt that it was a very good and practical practice to adopt. And so the decision was taken. The first day of period leave will be an additional leave for the women employees and will not be considered as casual leave or sick leave. We took the decision not because any employee asked for it, but felt that it should be granted," the MD said\r\nThe Bharatiya Janata Party in Delhi plans to launch a separate cell for young women between the age group of 18 to 25 years for the first time, according to reports. The independent 'Yuvti Prakoshth' (Young Women's Cell) will focus on those females who stay at home and are not politically active due to different reasons, the reports added.\r\nWith the aim to engage and mobilise young women in the age group of 18-25 years, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Delhi has planned to set up ?Yuvti Prakoshth? (Young Women?s Cell) for the first time. The proposed unit will not be the part of either Mahila Morcha (Women?s Wing) or Yuva Morcha (Youth Wing), and will work as an independent division. The decision has been taken following the directions of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS). A party leader privy to the development said Ram Lal, national general secretary (organisation) of the BJP, had asked the state leadership to expand its base among young females, especially those who stay at home. ?While interacting with the state leadership during party president Amit Shah?s pravas (stay) in Delhi last week, Ram Lalji directed to bring young women to party fold. His view was that there are women who are impressed with party?s policies and ideology, but they don?t come out for different reasons. A special drive should be initiated to persuade them to join the party,? the leader said. Following Ram Lal?s instruction, state unit chief Manoj Tiwari has directed its Youth Wing (all 14 district presidents) to carry out an identification drive. ?The members of the Youth Wing have been asked to prepare a list of women in the age group of 18-25 years and are willing to work for the outfit. In the first phase, the district or block level leaders will prepare a list. Thereafter, a detailed strategy will be chalked out for further course of action. They are specifically been told that no pressure should be put on anyone, and to invite only those who are keen to join,? said a party insider. The BJP leaders, justifying the move, said the proposed cell will facilitate to tap a large section of the society, which generally remains ?unattended?. ?Female students mostly go to the Youth Wing and to work with the Mahila Morcha, one should be aged 25. Therefore, a significant number of women in the age group of 18-25 years are not actively involved in political activities. The party now plans to focus on this age group to strengthen the organisation further in the city,? he said.\r\nDisney has been criticised for casting Naomi Scott, who is of British-Indian descent, to portray Princess Jasmine in the live-action version of Aladdin. "All these Arab actresses...and they cast half-white, half-Indian Naomi Scott as Jasmine. Indian isn't middle-eastern, Hollywood," tweeted a user. "I don't love the "brown ppl are interchangeable" idea that H'wood believes in," wrote another user.\r\nDisney?s upcoming live-action reboot of the 1992 animated classic Aladdin is facing blowback for casting a non-Arab actor to play Jasmine.After a months-long worldwide search Disney roped in Naomi Scott to play Jasmine in the film.Scott is of British and Indian heritage and some critics of the decision see it as a suggestion by Disney that women of Indian and Middle Eastern heritage look the same, reported Fortune.#Disney good job castin #MenaMassoud as #Aladdin but #NaomiScott as #Jasmine? ?????If u had to cast an Indian why not #PriyankaChopra ????? pic.twitter.com/xw2gSLaf8B? Tiffany Russell (@Tiffy_Russell) July 16, 2017Nothing against #NaomiScott, but someone of Indian "descent" shouldn't replace an Arab actress for an Arab role. But this is not a new issue? Chehak (@Chehak96) July 15, 2017what the actual hell, why did they pick a white girl to play a MIDDLE EASTERN princess?!!! i'm so mad smh #naomiscott #Aladdin? rose (@Rose_1o) July 16, 2017This what #PrincessJasmine is supposed to look like and we got #NaomiScott! Nah! GOODBYE, ARAB REPRESENTATION! #Aladdin #NotMyJasmine pic.twitter.com/HyqnOJpWdA? Queen Of Hearts (@WanabeeOutsider) July 17, 2017Casting an Indian to play an Arab...that too half Indian. Could they not find a single Arab actress to play Jasmine? #naomiscott #Aladdin? ????? (@RishiRughani) July 18, 2017Mena Massoud, who will play the role of Aladdin in the film, is of Egyptian descent.Aladdin, the story of a rough-and-tumble kid from the streets who enlists a genie to win the love of Princess Jasmine, is set in fictional Agrabah, which is largely seen as representing a Middle Eastern city.A critic of the decision said it was one more instance of Hollywood believing that ?brown (people) are interchangeable,? while another said fans are ?upset that their representation was taken away, and rightly so.?Disney did not return Fortune?s request for comment on the story.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nUS President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin held a previously undisclosed second meeting during the G20 Summit in Germany, the White House has confirmed. This came after Iran Bremmer, President of the international consulting firm Eurasia Group, publicly spoke about the second meeting. Notably, Trump, Putin's official meet at the summit lasted for over 2 hours.\r\nDonald Trump and Russian president Vladimir Putin held a second, previously undisclosed meeting during the G20 summit in Germany, the White House confirmed on Tuesday.There was much media scrutiny of the leaders? formal bilateral talks on 7 July in which, the US president later said, Putin denied allegations that he led efforts to interfere in last year?s US election.Later that evening, Trump and Putin met again informally, a White House official acknowledged on Tuesday ? but only after it was publicly revealed by Ian Bremmer, the president of the international consulting firm Eurasia Group.Bremmer said there was a dinner that evening for the G20 heads of state and their spouses, though not all of them attended. ?There were a lot of empty seats,? he continued. ?Donald Trump got up from the table and sat down with Putin for about an hour. It was very animated and very friendly. Putin?s translator was translating. I found out about it because people were startled.?There was no one else within earshot, Bremmer added, and it is not known what the men discussed. Trump was not joined in the conversation by his own translator, which is thought to be a breach of national security protocol. The White House later said that the translator who accompanied Trump spoke Japanese, not Russian, and that was why Trump and Putin spoke through the Russian translator.Bremmer added: ?It?s very clear that Trump?s best single relationship in the G20 is with Putin. US allies were surprised, flummoxed, disheartened. You?ve got Trump in the room with all these allies and who?s the one he spends time with??Such was the level of concern that someone decided to bring it to Bremmer?s attention. He said he had expected the White House to go public. ?I sat on this for days hoping they would talk about it. I knew last week. It didn?t happen. I?m an analyst; I?m not in the business of breaking news,? he said.There is no official government record of the meeting and it was not previously disclosed by the White House, which is facing investigations into the Trump campaign?s Russia ties by the special counsel Robert Mueller and two congressional committees.?During the course of the dinner, all the leaders circulated throughout the room and spoke with one another freely,? a senior administration official said in a statement Tuesday night, adding: ?There was no ?second meeting? between President Trump and President Putin, just a brief conversation at the end of a dinner. The insinuation that the White House has tried to ?hide? a second meeting is false, malicious and absurd. It is not merely perfectly normal, it is part of a president?s duties, to interact with world leaders.?Also on Tuesday night, the president tweeted to say the news coverage of the ?secret dinner with Putin is ?sick??, insisting twice that the press was aware of the dinner. While it is true that the dinner was well known and covered by the news media, the press at large did not know about the private conversation between Putin and Trump. Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!Trump?s presidency has been overshadowed by allegations that his election campaign colluded with Russia. Last week it emerged that his son, Donald Trump Jr, held a meeting with a Russian lawyer and Russian American political operative with a view to receiving allegedly incriminating information about Hillary Clinton from the Russian government. Trump Jr claims it led nowhere and denies wrongdoing.Trump has consistently and mysteriously refused to criticise the Russian leader. Bremmer said: ?I?ve never in my life seen a relationship between two major countries where the interests are so misaligned while the leaders are so buddy-buddy. It doesn?t add up.?Trump has been inconsistent on his China policy, he?s been inconsistent on his Nato policy. On any foreign policy issue he?s been on both sides. Except Russia. It doesn?t make sense. The fact he was willing to do this in front of global leaders shows he just doesn?t care how America is perceived.?The first meeting was scheduled to last 30 minutes but went on for more than two hours. During a flight on Air Force One last week, the US president said he raised the issue of election meddling twice and Putin denied it. ?I said, look, we can?t ? we can?t have ? now, he said ?absolutely not? twice. What do you do? End up in a fistfight with somebody, OK??\r\nReports of job insecurity leading to high levels of anxiety and depression among IT professionals in India are baseless and exaggerated, former Infosys director Mohandas Pai said. He said such reports are based on a few events and there are attempts to blow them up. Pai further dismissed the forecast that six lakh jobs could be slashed over three years.\r\nHyderabad, Jul 18 (PTI) The reports of job insecurity leading to high levels of anxiety and depression among information technology professionals in India are baseless and exaggerated as there are no large scale layoffs, says a senior figure in the IT industry. Former Chief Financial Officer of Infosys, T V Mohandas Pai said such "exaggerated" reports are based on a few events and there are attempts to blow them up. "Just like earlier reports of layoffs, its (reports of anxiety and depression) totally exaggerated, fear mongering etc," he told PTI. "Yes, some people have anxiety, based upon all the media hype. But there is no substance to the (reports of) anxiety as there are no large-scale layoffs. The number speaks for itself," said Pai, who had also served as the human resources head at the Bengaluru-headquartered company. The reports in a section of the press last week suggested that there has been an increasing deterioration of mental wellness among professionals due to job insecurities and they are undergoing issues such as anxiety and depression. Pai dismissed as "total rubbish and total lie" the forecast that nearly six lakh jobs are expected to be slashed in the next three years. "One quarter is over and we are in the midst of the second quarter. The two big companies (TCS and Infosys) have given their results. There are no layoffs in these companies," he noted, adding that the utilisation rates at these companies were also at a historic high. \r\nPaul Nicholls, a British actor who worked on shows like EastEnders and Ackley Bridge, has been rescued three days after he was trapped at the base of a jungle waterfall in Thailand's Koh Samui island. He was found partially submerged in a rock pool, semi-conscious and with hypothermia. "I am lucky to be alive," said Nicholls.\r\nA British actor who worked on EastEnders and Channel 4 drama Ackley Bridge has been rescued three days after falling from the top of a jungle waterfall and smashing his leg on the Thai island of Koh Samui.Paul Nicholls, 38, was found in agony at the base of Khun Si falls after a local spotted his abandoned rental motorbike, which police traced to his real name ? Gerrard Paul Greenhalgh ? prompting a search.He was found partially submerged in a rock pool, semi-conscious and with hypothermia, unable to move to safety or find food.?I am lucky to be alive,? Nicholls said, according to the Sun. ?It took such a long time to find me. It?s an understatement to say it wasn?t a great situation ? The problem was I couldn?t move to get out of there.?I had a phone with me but I fell from such a height into the water it was unretrievable.?Nicholls said his kneecap was destroyed in the fall and would need a complete reconstruction.It took two hours for emergency services to get him to International Koh Samui hospital, the Sun reported, adding that Nicholls? medical bills will run into tens of thousands of pounds.Last month American tourist Geoffrey Maui, 28, died after falling at the same waterfall.Nicholls debuted in EastEnders in 1996 as Joe Wicks. He quit the soap a year later and has since worked on City Central, Holby City, Secret Diary of a Call Girl and Law & Order. He also acted in the 2004 film, Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason.\r\nThe leader of political party Puthiya Tamizhagam has threatened to file a ?100 crore defamation case against Kamal Haasan and a Tamil TV channel for not apologising over a contestant's 'derogatory' comment during the Tamil version of Bigg Boss. "[He] did not... condemn it or talk about this in the show despite many people raising this issue," the leader added.\r\nKamal Haasan and Bigg Boss Tamil is involved in yet another controversy, as K Krishnaswamy, leader of Puthiya Tamizhagam has threatened to file a Rs 100 crore defamation case against the actor and the channel for what a contestant said during the show.\xa0 One of the contestants, Gayathri Raghuram used the word cheri (which mean slum dweller) for a co-contestant, which received a lot of criticism from the viewers. Politician K Krishnaswamy wants Kamal Haasan to apologise for Gayathri's comment.\xa0 While talking to The Times Of India, the politician said, "In the show, there was a conversation between two contestants. One of them called the other as 'cheri' (slum dweller). It is a public platform, and millions of people are watching it. We are sure that it is definitely a prepared script. The channel cannot say it was a mistake. They are creating an imbalance in the society and hurting one particular section of the society." \r\nSri Lanka's Sports Minister has given his support for an official probe into the national side's loss in the final of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2011. The Sri Lanka cricket team lost the World Cup final by six wickets at Mumbai's Wankhede Stadium. It is alleged that four last-minute squad changes were made, without the minister's customary approval.\r\nSri Lanka?s sports minister gave his support Wednesday for an investigation into the country?s controversial 2011 Cricket World Cup loss against India, amid fresh allegations of match fixing.The Sri Lanka cricket team lost the World Cup decider by six wickets at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai, stunning the cricket-mad island. Then Sri Lanka skipper Kumar Sangakkara resigned soon after the match.Pressure has since been mounting for an inquiry into the shock defeat, with a former cricket captain and a previous sports minister going public with their suspicions that Sri Lanka deliberately lost the match.?The allegations merit an investigation,? Dayasiri Jayasekera told reporters in Colombo.?As soon as I get a written complaint, I will start a probe.?READ?|?Arjuna Ranatunga says India vs Sri Lanka World Cup final was fixed, wants probeSri Lanka, batting first, scored 274-6 off 50 overs and appeared in a commanding position when Indian superstar Sachin Tendulkar was caught for 18. India turned the game dramatically thanks partly to poor fielding and bowling by Sri Lanka.The sports minister at the time Mahindananda Aluthgamage has raised fresh concerns, telling local media there were ?several disturbing factors about that game?.Four last-minute changes were made to the Sri Lankan side without prior approval being sought from the sports minister, breaching convention.?Then there are also questions about the behaviour of a very senior player. During the match, instructions sent to the field were ignored,? Aluthgamage said, without naming the player in question.The former minister said he launched an inquiry after the match, but the investigation was scuttled.READ?|?India?s 2011 ICC?World Cup heroes rubbish Arjuna Ranatunga?s allegationsHis concerns followed quick on the heels of comments from former Sri Lanka skipper Arjuna Ranatunga, who last Friday demanded an inquiry be held to expose the ?dirt? on dodgy cricketers.Last year, the International Cricket Council imposed a three-year ban on a top Sri Lankan official Jayananda Warnaweera for failing to cooperate with an anti-corruption investigation.Sri Lankan players and umpires have been accused of match fixing in the past, but Warnaweera was the first high ranking official to be found guilty and penalised.Betting is illegal in most of the cricket-mad Indian subcontinent, but backstreet bookmakers -- many with underworld links -- still flourish.Although no big-name Sri Lankan player has ever been convicted of corruption, several former stars have made allegations of match fixing or spot-fixing -- when players deliberately bowl or field badly to give away a set number of runs.\r\nDilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge's matinee show at Mumbai's Maratha Mandir was cancelled for the first time in 22 years as the cinema hall held the screening of Shraddha Kapoor's film Haseena Parkar's trailer. This also marked the first time that the iconic theatre held a film's trailer screening. The makers chose the venue as Parkar lived close to Maratha Mandir.\r\nMumbai?s iconic Maratha Mandir ? which has been running the movie Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (DDLJ) for the past two decades ? had another first, but not the kind that would make Shah Rukh Khan fans happy. For the first time in 22 years, the film?s matinee show was cancelled for the trailer screening of Shraddha Kapoor-starrer Haseena Parkar on Tuesday. The film is a biopic on gangster Dawood Ibrahim?s sister, who is also known as ?Queen of Mumbai?.Manoj Desai, executive director of Maratha Mandir Cinema, said the makers of the film thought of launching the trailer there as Parkar lived in Dongri, which is very close to Maratha Mandir. Actors Siddhant Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor and Ankur Bhatia with director Apoorva Lakhia (second from left) launch the trailer of film Haseena Parkar at Maratha Mandir on Tuesday.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(PTI)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tDesai, however, insists no injustice has been done to DDLJ. ?The film-makers approached me with the idea and said they would pay equivalent to a houseful show. I ran the idea past Yash Raj Films (producers of DDLJ), who agreed and that is how this was planned.? The tickets for the matinee show cost between Rs15-20 and the theatre is mostly full, especially on weekends.A board outside the theatre on Monday informed DDLJ fans that the show had been cancelled. This was also the first time Maratha Mandir, inaugurated in late 1950s, was the venue for a movie trailer launch. READ?MORESee an aging Shraddha Kapoor in new Haseena: The Queen of Mumbai imagesShraddha Kapoor meets Dawood?s family on sets of Haseena biopic\r\nActor Kamal Haasan has been appointed as the ambassador of the new Kabaddi team Tamil Thalaivas for the fifth season of Pro Kabaddi League. Haasan added, "I am honoured to associate myself strongly with the sport of Kabaddi. I take personal pride in highlighting...a sport developed by my ancestors thousands of years ago." Tamil Thalaivas is co-owned by Sachin Tendulkar. \r\nIt might come as a surprise to many that actor-filmmaker Kamal Haasan is considering a career outside films. After making his splash on television as the host of reality show Bigg Boss, the Dasavatharam star is all set to be seen in a new role ? as the ambassador of team Tamil Thalaivas (co-owned by Sachin Tendulkar) for the fifth season of Pro Kabbadi League. The team believes that Haasan?s association will be a great source of inspiration to put up a great fight in the league. In a statement, it was said that it was a unanimous choice to bring Haasan on board, given his love for sports.Talking about his association, Haasan said in the statement: ?I am honoured to associate myself strongly with the sport of Kabbadi. I take personal pride in highlighting the profile of a sport developed by my ancestors thousands of years ago. I am glad the team owners chose me. My dear Thalaivas fill your lungs with pride and cross the line to take the game across to international adulation.?On the career front, Haasan will soon resume work on multi-lingual comedy Sabash Naidu, which had to be stalled last July after he fell from the stairs of his office in Chennai and fractured his leg. Amid rumours that the project has been shelved, Haasan recently confirmed that the film will be revived soon.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Maharashtra government on Tuesday said that it will make drip irrigation mandatory for sugarcane cultivation after 2019. For this purpose, the state will also provide a loan at an interest rate of 2% to the farmers. Drip irrigation is not only expected to raise the sugarcane production but also help in conserving water.\r\n In a bid to tackle the ongoing agrarian discontent, the state cabinet took major decisions on Tuesday, including giving its nod to proposals minimising the cost of production, raising productivity and ensuring fair procurement prices for agriculture produce. The cabinet cleared a decision to make drip irrigation mandatory for the water-guzzling sugarcane crop after 2019 and promote group farming by offering a subsidy to participating farmers. Maharashtra is the largest sugar producing state in the country, with farmers relying on this cash crop to bring in assured dividends. Drip irrigation is expected to increase production of sugarcane even as it conserves water. The state government has chalked a scheme with the investment of Rs200 crore to promote group farming. The government will extend the subsidy of Rs1 crore each to the farmer producer company formed under Maharashtra Cooperative Societies Act, 1960, by at least 20 farmers with the cluster of a minimum land of 100 acres. The government has kept the target of funding about 200 such companies. The state cabinet in its decision taken on Tuesday also decided to promote animal husbandry, fisheries and sericulture to make the group farming viable. The state government has made a budgetary allocation of Rs45 crore for immediate release of the funds for the companies.?By encouraging the group farming we are aiming to maximise the use of mechanisation by providing them ample funding for modern machinery and equipment. This will help them maximise productivity and reduce the cost of production. Once productivity is increased, the farmers can get a higher rate for their produce. We will also help the companies set up food processing units, enable them to export the products and set up mechanism for effective marketing,? said agriculture minister Pandurang Fundkar.The decision was taken in the backdrop of the decline in the land holding per household to 1.44 hectares in 2010-11 from 4.28 hectares in 1970-71. The state government has announced it will make it compulsory to shift the sugarcane on drip irrigation after 2019 by launching an interest subvention scheme. The government aims to bring 3.05 lakh hectare sugarcane crop under drip irrigation in next two years in addition to the current cover of 2.25 lakh hectares. Maharashtra farmers grow sugarcane crop on 9.42 lakh hectares across the state. The government will assist the conversion with the loan of Rs 85,400 a hectare at the interest of 2% to be borne by the farmers. The remaining part of the interest rate (7.25%) will be borne by state government (4%) and sugar factories (1.25%) for the loan with the tenure of 5 years. The total estimated loan to be disbursed in two years for the scheme is Rs 2,604 crore.The state government had made it compulsory in June 2015 for sugar factories in the catchment areas of eight dams (including Tembhu, Mujla, Bhima, Kanholi Nala) to switch to drip irrigation from flood irrigation till June 2019. Based on the success of the directives, the government has decided to make it mandatory for all the sugar factories to implement the drip irrigation for sugarcane crop after June 2019.?It will be the responsibility of the sugar factories to switch to the drip irrigation. The interest subvention scheme not only enable the farmers to swtich to drip will also help them in raising production per hectare,? Fundkar said.The minister said the new scheme will replace the existing subsidy scheme which cost government about Rs350 crore a year.\r\nThe Western and Central railway authorities have sent a proposal to the Ministry of Railways for installing CCTV cameras in the suburban stations of Mumbai to supervise cleanliness. The station masters' cabins will have TV screens to monitor the same. Officials said that CCTV cameras have already been installed at Churchgate and Mumbai Central stations as part of pilot project.\r\nAs part of the Centre?s cleanliness campaign Swachh Bharat Abhiyan on the suburban railway stations, the Central and the Western railway authorities are looking to monitor cleanliness through Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras. However, for this purpose, they would need an additional 2,800 cameras on both the suburban railway sections.A proposal has been prepared by WR and CR officials which has been sent to the ministry of railways for approval. The proposal includes setting up the network of CCTV cameras in the station premises to monitor cleanliness at each station. TV screens are proposed to be put up inside station master?s cabins for the same. As of now, pilot projects have been undertaken at Churchgate and Mumbai Central stations, said the officials. Earlier, the ministry of railways had issued instructions to the Zonal Railways to extend the use of the CCTV?s apart from surveillance by the Railway Protection Force (RPF). During the meeting the ministry had asked the officers to try to implement the use of the cameras for monitoring cleanliness. The plan was prepared accordingly. \r\nTamil Nadu government has almost doubled the salary of MLAs in the state from ?55,000 to ?1.05 lakh on Wednesday. The move comes when the farmers in the state have been protesting for loan waiver and better crop prices. Reportedly, the state government also announced an increase in MLAs' Local Area Development Fund from ?2 crore to ?2.5 crore.\r\nThe Tamil Nadu government on Wednesday raised the monthly salary of MLAs from Rs 55,000 to Rs 1.05 lakh, a move that has angered farmers in the southern state that is battling its worst agrarian crisis in 140 years.Tamil Nadu is in the grip of a severe drought that has worsened the economic condition of farmers, many of whom recently returned to protest in Delhi after the state government allegedly failed to fulfil its promises.Earlier this year, the government had declared all 32 districts drought-hit.?The government does not want to give us remunerative prices but wants to increase their salaries,? said P Ayyakannu, who is leading the protest in Delhi.Chief minister Edapaddi Palanisami, who in April sought time from farmers to address their problems, announced the hike in the salary and perks in the state assembly that will be effective from July 1.Palanisami had promised he would request Prime Minister Narendra Modi to waive off farm loans. ?But the TN government has gone to court to get a stay on Madras high court order on waiving farm loans,? Ayyakannu said.The local area development fund for MLAs has been increased from Rs 50 lakh to Rs 2.50 crore per year.?Tamil Nadu MLAs should not vote a hike for themselves. In fact, they should set an example for the rest of the country by refusing to accept any hike,? BJP?s state spokesperson Narayan Tirupati said.He was critical of the opposition DMK as well. ?Why is the DMK accepting this? In fact, it must oppose this announcement tooth and nail,? he said.The DMK has called for the dismissal of the state government for failing to resolve the farm crisis.Farmers are asking for a loan waiver, a revised drought package and fair prices for their produce, among other things.\r\nA deleted nude scene from the film Dandupalya 2, which shows Kannada actress Sanjjanaa Galrani being physically abused by jail authorities, has been leaked online. The scene was reportedly deleted following objections by the regional censor board. Sanjjanaa said, "We are figuring out who is behind the leak and will give a complete clarification once director Srinivasa Raju...returns."\r\nThe Kannada film Dandupalya 2 has landed itself in a fresh controversy after a explicit video featuring actress Sanjjanaa Galrani was allegedly leaked online. According to reports, the scene was removed from the film following objections by regional censor board. The leaked video shows Sanjjanaa being stripped off by a police officer inside a police station. The controversial scene also shows the physical torture endured by the actress.Speaking to the media, Sanjjanaa said, "We are figuring out who is behind the leak and will give a complete clarification once director Srinivasa Raju, who is in Hyderabad ahead of its Telugu release, returns to Bengaluru."Asked whether it is a publicity stunt, she said, "Dandupalya is already doing well. So, there is no need for such publicity. We shot something and I am seeing something else here."Dandupalya 2 is a sequel to the 2012 film of the same name. The film is based on the infamous gang from Dandupalya. Earlier to this, the gang moved to court and forced the makers to change the title from 2 to Dandupalya 2.Meanwhile, the film has opened to decent reviews.ALSO READ: Prabhas's latest look for Saaho is a hit\r\nAmitabh Bachchan has revealed that he wrestled a real tiger in the 1977 film 'Khoon Pasina'. "Fighting a real tiger for 'Khoon Pasina'... a real task... shared it with stunt directors of today... they thought I was mad," he wrote on Twitter while sharing a photo from the film's set. The film also starred Rekha and late actor Vinod Khanna.\r\nOne of the most active Bollywood stars on social media, who keeps giving his fans an opportunity to know him better today shared a picture from his 40 year old hit film Khoon Pasina, where he is seen fighting a tiger.T 2489 - Fighting a real tiger for 'Khoon Pasina' .. a real task .. shared it with stunt directors of today .. they thought I was MAD .. pic.twitter.com/4aXJqOSmIt? Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) July 18, 2017In the black and white picture, Bachchan can be seen lying on the ground, his arms around the tiger, shooting the daring scene. Earlier too the megastar walked down the memory lane and shared a black and white picture with co-star Dharmendra from his movie Sholay.The photo was taken while the duo rehearsed for a scene.Big B captioned the Instagram image as, ?Rehearsing for SHOLAY ..?\r\nRJD supremo Lalu Prasad Yadav on Wednesday offered BSP chief Mayawati a Rajya Sabha seat from Bihar to "fight against atrocities and divisive agenda of BJP". This comes a day after Mayawati resigned as a Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha in protest claiming that she was not allowed to speak in the House. \r\nAmid tension and division within the Opposition, Lalu Prasad has offered to consolidate Dalit votes by making a significant gesture: offer Mayawati a Rajya Sabha seat from Bihar, a day after the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief resigned in protest after she was not allowed to speak in the House.Lalu, who heads the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), tweeted from his handle, @laluprasadrjd: "Spoke with Mayawati Ji in (sic) length. Offered & requested her to be Rajyasabha MP frm Bihar to fight against atrocities & divisive agenda of BJP."WHEN AN ANGRY MAYAWATI WALKED OUT OF RAJYA SABHA On Tuesday, after she was not allowed to raise the atrocities against Dalits in Rajya Sabha, Mayawati tendered her three-page resignation, accusing the ruling BJP and Rajya Sabha chair of not allowing her to raise the issue. Her current term will end in April next year and her party, with just 18 MLAs in the Uttar Pradesh Assembly, is not in a position to send her back to Rajya Sabha."Today would be remembered as a black day in the history when a highly respected Dalit leader was not allowed to raise the voice of poor in the Rajya Sabha," Lalu said on Tuesday, reacting to Mayawati's resignation."If Mayawati wishes, we will send her to Rajya Sabha from Bihar," the RJD president whose party has 80 MLAs in 243-member Bihar Legislative Assembly said. "We are with her," he said."Chanakya had said that an assembly (of people) where a person is not allowed to speak through the force of brute majority is no assembly," he said.Lalu's offer to Mayawati is a part of the RJD supremo's ongoing efforts to stitch a united Opposition front to take on the BJP in the 2019 Lok Sabha election. However, the presidential election and the Goods and Services Tax (GST) rollout have divided the Opposition, with various parties having their own positions.Lalu's support to Mayawati is also being seen as a part of his efforts to bring her and Samajwadi Party leader Akhilesh Yadav together. He has invited the two leaders to the RJD's August 27 rally in Patna.\r\nBritish athlete Jessica Ennis-Hill is set to receive a record-equalling third heptathlon world championship gold medal for the 2011 event in South Korea. This comes after Russia's gold medallist Tatyana Chernova lost her appeal against a retrospective ban for taking steroids. Ennis-Hill, who had won gold medals in Berlin in 2009 and Beijing in 2015, said, "Triple world champion. Wow!"\r\nJessica Ennis-Hill will finally get her hands on the 2011 world championships gold medal originally denied her by the Russian drugs cheat Tatyana Chernova at a special ceremony at next month?s world championships in London. The news was confirmed when Chernova lost her appeal against a retrospective ban for taking steroids at the court of arbitration for sport. It means Ennis-Hill becomes a three-times world heptathlon champion, to go along with her Olympic gold and silver medals.The Guardian has also learned that the number of medallists who will be re-allocated medals at London 2017 will be significantly increased to include non-British athletes, with discussions taking place about when to hold the special ceremonies. The original plan had been to put them all on the morning of 11 August but they may now run over several days.When the news was broken to her coach Toni Minichiello, he replied: ?Alle-bloody-luia. It?s excellent news ? I thought the fillibustering would go on for ever. It just adds credence to my belief that she is the best female athlete Britain has ever produced.?Minichiello also welcomed the news that international athletes, too, cheated out of medals by drugs cheats would be rewarded. ?That?s a fitting decision ? because this is not just a British result but an international one. Maybe they should cancel one day of the athletics devote it to all the medal ceremonies they will need??Ennis-Hill won gold medals in Berlin in 2009 and Beijing in 2015 but could finish only second in Daegu in 2011, 129 points behind Chernova. Last year, before the Russian?s appeal to CAS, Ennis-Hill posted a picture of the Russian beating her on Instagram in 2011 before writing: ?This image was forever imprinted on my mind! However much it drove me on for what I was about to achieve in my first Olympics in London in my heart I just knew it was wrong. So happy to be finally receiving my gold medal. Triple world champion. WOW!?\r\nThe song Despacito by Puerto Rican artists Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee and its remix featuring Justin Bieber beat the 2015 song Sorry, also by Bieber, to become the most streamed track ever. Despacito has recorded 4.6 billion plays across platforms. The Despacito remix has also been leading the Billboard Hot 100 chart for the 10th week.\r\nDespacito has become the most streamed track of all time with more than 4.6 billion plays across streaming platforms.Universal Music Latin Entertainment announced Tuesday the song by Puerto Rican artists Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee and the accompanying remix featuring pop star Justin Bieber had surpassed the previous record holder ? Bieber?s 2015 hit song Sorry, which has 4.38 billion plays. Despacito, which was released in January, has been at the top of Billboard Hot 100 for weeks.Fonsi said in a statement that streaming has helped his music reach every corner of the planet.Daddy Yankee recently ousted Ed Sheeran this year to become the first Latino artist to lead in Spotify streams, thanks in part to Despacito?s success.Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nIndia's top-ranked shot putter Manpreet Kaur has failed an in-competition dope test conducted by the National Anti Doping Agency (NADA). The national record holder, who won a gold medal at the recently concluded Asian Athletics Championships, failed the test during the Federation Cup in Patiala from June 1-4. Notably, Kaur is still eligible for August's World Athletics Championships in London.\r\nIndia?s leading shot putter and gold medallist in the just concluded Asian Athletics Championships, Manpreet Kaur has failed a dope test for the stimulant Dimethylbutylamine.The national record holder failed an in-competition test conducted by the National Anti Doping Agency (NADA) during the Federation Cup in Patiala from June 1-4.READ?|?SAI orders fitness test for department coaches, but confusion prevailsThe thrower is one of the top athletes of the country who has also qualified for next month?s World Athletics Championships in London. Since the stimulant comes under the specified category of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), she will not be debarred from competing in the global meet as there is no mandatory provisional suspension for testing positive for this substance.However, she will have to appear before a NADA disciplinary panel for a hearing. If she is not able to prove her innocence, the national champion might lose the gold medal she won at the Asian meet held at Bhubaneswar from July 6-9.In the Asian Grand Prix, held in China in April, the Indian had won a gold with a throw of 18.86 metres. It was better than the 17.75m qualifying mark for the global meet. Her outstanding performance also ranked her World No.1. In Bhubaneswar, it was a brilliant throw of 18.28m which won her the gold.READ?|?Gagan Narang teams up with Olympic Gold Quest to mentor young shootersManpreet had also participated in the inter-state athletics meet that concluded on Tuesday in Guntur, Andhra Pradesh. As expected she dominated the women?s shot put, but her winning throw was 15.65m.The 27-year-old had also qualified for the 2016 Rio Olympics but eventually finished 23rd with a best throw of 17.06m.Though Manpreet has dominated domestic competition since 2015, her performance graph has not been steady. During the Kolkata Open national meet in 2015, her gold medal winning throw of 17.96m created a new national record, but she failed to repeat her performance at the Olympics.READ?|?Judoka Preeti leads India?s medal haul at Asian Junior Judo ChampionshipsAfter winning the continental title in Bhubaneswar she said her focus was to repeat her personal best of 18.86m in the world meet, starting August 4. But now it is doubtful whether she would be able to stay focused.In other cases of doping earlier this season, India?s leading 400m hurdler Jithin Paul also came under the doping scanner. During a raid by NADA at Patiala?s hostel, officials seized syringes and vials of meldonium, a drug that Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova has tested positive for.Jagtar Singh, gold medal winner decathlon at the Federation Cup, is another high profile athlete to have failed a dope test this season.\r\nThe organisers of IIFA 2017 have explained that the makers of the film Dangal did not send in an entry for nominations at the award show. "We would love Dangal to be a part of [the nominations]," said Andre Timmins, the Director of Wizcraft International. He further said the organisers were sad that Dangal's makers didn't send in their entry.\r\nCinelovers were shocked when Aamir Khan's Dangal did not make it to the list of the IIFA 2017 nominations. Dangal not only received rave reviews from critics, but also went on to become the highest grossing Indian film in cinematic history. Naturally, fans were shocked at the snub and expressed their disappointment on social media.However, the organisers have clarified that it was the makers of Dangal who did not send in an entry. Andre Timmins, the Director of Wizcraft International, told IANS, "So basically, in IIFA, forms are sent to various production houses. They fill those forms up and send it back to us. Those forms are then put out to the industry for voting and from there it becomes a nomination. Dangal has not sent their entry in."He added, "We would love Dangal to be a part of it. I think it's a movie that's broken all records. We love Aamir Khan and the two little girls. They did a great job. But unfortunately, they didn't send their entry in. We feel sad."The IIFA Awards were held at the MetLife Stadium in New York last week. While Neerja took home the award for Best Film, Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury won Best Director for his hard-hitting courtroom drama, Pink. Udta Punjab actors Shahid Kapoor and Alia Bhatt won the awards for Best Actor and Best Actress, respectively.\r\nThe casting director of Babumoshai Bandookbaaz, Sanjay Chouhan, has said he never made the remark that fair actors cannot be cast with Nawazuddin Siddiqui. "All I said was the film needed actors as good as Nawazuddin. You need actors who could match his stature," he added. Sanjay further said he would never want to hurt Nawazuddin by giving such statements.\r\nThe casting director of Babumoshai Bandookbaaz, Sanjay Chouhan, has said he never made the ?fair and handsome? remark about actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui, that has led to a controversy.Bengali actor Bidita Bag (L) and Bollywood actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui pose for a photograph during a promotional event for Babumoshai Bandookbaaz.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(AFP)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tHours after Nawazuddin tweeted a cryptic message on racism in Bollywood, it was widely reported that Chouhan, in an interview to a daily, had said that after Chitrangada Singh quit the film they had to find an actress who could look good opposite the actor as they ?can?t cast fair and handsome people with Nawaz. It would look so weird.?Siddiqui tweet late Monday, ?Thank you for making me realise that I cannot be paired along with the fair and handsome because I?m dark and not good looking, but I never focus on that.?Thank U 4 making me realise dat I cannot b paired along wid d fair & handsome bcz I m dark & not good looking, but I never focus on that.? Nawazuddin Siddiqui (@Nawazuddin_S) July 17, 2017However, the casting director clarified Tuesday evening that his comments have been misconstrued. ?I was completely misquoted. All I said was the film needed actors as good as Nawazuddin. You need actors who could match his stature. I don?t know from where the ?fair and handsome? bit came but I never said the words,? Chouhan told PTI.  ?I would never want to hurt Nawaz sir or the film by giving such statements. I haven?t spoken to him yet, but I am deeply saddened by how the comments, which I never made in the first place, have turned out,? he added. Meanwhile, Nawaz who was in Delhi on Tuesday to promote his upcoming film, reiterated his stand on the skin-colour debate and told HT City, ?A lot of people in this industry are racist. Because of this, I have been rejected a lot of times.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nNagaland CM Shurhozelie Liezietsu and nine other ruling legislators didn't turn up for the floor test on Wednesday, following which the assembly speaker adjourned the house. Ex-CM TR Zeliang had staked claim to power saying he had the support of 47 legislators in the 60-member assembly. CM Liezietsu's petition challenging the floor test was dismissed by the Gauhati high court.\r\nNagaland chief minister Shurhozelie Liezietsu and nine ruling Naga People?s Front (NPF) legislators skipped Wednesday?s floor test, forcing assembly speaker Imtiwapang Aier to adjourn the special session of the House.It could not be immediately confirmed if the speaker sent a report in this regard to state governor PB Acharya. Acharya had summoned the special session of the assembly at 9:30am after the Nagaland bench of the Gauhati high court on Tuesday dismissed Shurhozelie?s petition challenging the floor test that was earlier to be held by July 15. An MLA in Shurhozelie?s camp, declining to be quoted, said the chief minister and his loyalists could not attend the special assembly session because they had to attend a funeral service in state capital Kohima?s Bayavu Hill. Dissidence by 34 (later 37) out of 47 NPF legislators led by former chief minister TR Zeliang triggered the latest political crisis in Nagaland. Zeliang and his team checked into a resort in Assam?s Kaziranga on Saturday 8 before they had to be evacuated because of flood in July 14. That very day, Shurhozelile went to court challenging Acharya?s July 9 call to prove his majority on the floor of the house on or before July 15. The court gave a temporary breather to Shurhozelie before the floor test could be held last Saturday. NPF spokesperson Achumbemo Kikon, a member of Shurhozelie?s legal team, indicated the chief minister would not give up easily without a fight. ?We are exploring many options before us,? he told reporters in Kohima. The Zeliang camp, whose MLAs had unusually been travelling by bus to keep the flock together, did not react. Zeliang , who claims the support of 43 MLAs including seven independents, had accused Shurhozelie of ?undemocratic style of functioning? and ?nepotism?. It was primarily a reference to the chief minister appointing his son Khriehu Liezietsu as his advisor with cabinet minister status on June 27. Khriehu declined the ?offer? offer 13 days later, but by then the damage ? rebellion against his father ? was already done. His appointment was seen as payback for resigning from the Northern Angami-I seat for letting his father contest to continue as chief minister. A?combined photo of posters put up by a social NGO named Naga Peace Task Force.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(HT?Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tBefore challenging the order, the 80-year-old Shurhozelie had indicated the dissidents wanted to deny him the chance to contest the July 29 by-election to the Northern Angami-I seat. On Tuesday night, after the governor sought a floor test, the Shurhozelie camp of NPF issued a whip to all its 47 MLAs for Wednesday?s floor test. The party warned that failure to comply would invite ?consequences? as provided under the 10th Schedule of the Constitution. The Shurhozelie camp of NPF also decided to sever its 40-year-old ties with the BJP and approach the President of India for recalling the governor ?so that the sanctity of the Raj Bhawan is maintained in future?. The BJP retaliated by announcing its support to Zeliang and NPF legislators loyal to him. Meanwhile, the political crisis in Nagaland has inspired a tongue-in-cheek poster campaign by a social NGO named Naga Peace Task Force. One of the posters read: ?When you elect clowns, expect a circus?.\r\nThe Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation on Tuesday demolished over 100 illegal shop extensions and 40 stalls near Santacruz station. The action was part of a drive by the corporation to free the public spaces from encroachments. The officials said that some of the stalls, which were at least four years old, did not have licenses to erect the sheds.\r\nThe Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) demolished 40 illegal food and clothing stalls and razed extensions of more than 100 stores near Santacruz station on Tuesday. An H/West ward official said 40 stalls that were blocking traffic were demolished at Tilak Road, MG Road and Kanubai Desai Road in Santacruz (west). The official said that the stalls were at least four years old. ?We checked if they had licenses and they didn?t,? added the official.The BMC also took action against at least 100 stores on these roads that had put up illegal sheds. The stores were in the allotted area but the sheds were encroached on footpaths, said an official who supervised the demolition. The action is part of a BMC drive against establishments setting up sheds and stalls that encroach onto public spaces ? meant to be kept free and open for easy access by fire engines in case of an emergency. Every monsoon, several establishments across Mumbai erect sheds without the civic body?s permission. \r\nThe Mumbai police on Monday arrested a 60-year-old man for stealing sensitive data from a digital company. He allegedly also tried to blackmail the owner of the company by demanding ?8 crore to withhold the confidential data from a contending company. The police reportedly also found sensitive data of 25 other companies from his apartment. \r\nThe Mumbai crime branch on Monday arrested a 60-year-old man who had stolen data of a digital company. He allegedly tried to extort Rs8crore from the owner of the company using it. Ravindra Khera from Navi Mumbai was arrested while accepting Rs20 lakh from the complainant. Khera had demanded Rs20 lakh upfront for not selling the data to a rival company. Earlier, he had received Rs10 lakh from the owner of the company, Niyati Shah. The police are still investigating how he got the data. Shah alleged that it was an insider job. Shah started getting calls from Khera after her partner and her husband had resigned from the company, according to the complaint.?My partners were anticipating legal action against him after which the caller threatened us,? said Shah.On June 20 this year, Shah filed a written complaint with the additional and joint commissioner of crime, saying that Khera had demanded Rs8 crore from them.A nine-member police team led by senior inspector Chimaji Adhav arrested him from a five-star hotel at Goregaon.?Khera used to buy sensitive information of a company and then file a complaint with various government departments over irregularities. Later, he would approach the firm  to settle the matter,? said an officer from unit 11, who did not wish to be named.The police searched Khera?s apartment in Oshiwara and found sensitive financial and technical data of 25 other companies, said the officer.READCard cloning racket: Mumbai gang steals debit, credit card data from 1,000 customers of 96 banksBeware, Bulgarian man who swiped cloned cards in Mumbai targeted overseas citizens\r\nA cheesemaker from England is offering nearly ?42,000 reward for the recovery of two blocks of prize-winning cheddar cheese stolen from an agricultural show. The two blocks were stolen along with the certificates that prove their prize-winning quality which could raise their value. "It's a bit like having a valuable painting stolen," said cheesemaker Rich Clothier.\r\nA Somerset cheesemaker has offered a \xa3500 reward after two of its finest vintage cheddars were stolen during a prestigious show. The judges at the Yeovil show had crowned the two hefty blocks of cheese champion and reserve champion and the specimens were being left in a marquee overnight so that they could be admired by members of the public next day. Thieves took the blocks, weighing 20kg each and with a retail value of around \xa3800, and the winners? certificates from the tent during overnight on Saturday. The cheesemakers at Wyke Farms in Bruton, Somerset, were devastated that two of the best blocks they had ever produced have vanished. Rich Clothier, a third generation cheesemaker and the managing director of Wyke Farms, said he believed the thieves had targeted the prize-winning cheddars and may have been stealing to order. He said it was possible the cheeses were already abroad. ?They left all the other cheeses and just took ours,? he said. ?It?s disappointing. To win the champion and reserve was really nice for us. It took around a year-and-a-half to make those cheeses. They are among the best we have ever produced.? Clothier said that while the retail value was put at \xa3800 it is possible that they could be worth much more if the right wealthy cheese-loving customers were found. Wyke Farms sells to 160 countries with the US and France big fans. He said: ?These cheeses could be considered masterpieces; it?s a bit like having a valuable painting stolen. Clothier said he was proud of the cheeses? ?rounded flavour? with tones of ?dairy, sweet and nuttiness?. ?They were complex, like a fine bottle of wine.? Clothier said it was possible the theft had been carefully planned. ?You can?t just put one of those in a bag. It?s like carrying a bag of sand away.? The cheesemaker is offering a \xa3500 reward for information that leads to the recovery of the cheese or the arrest of the thief or thieves. Cheese thefts are not unknown to the family, however. In 1789 one of Clothier?s ancestors had a wheel of cheese stolen from his cart in Kilver Street, Shepton Mallet. This cheese, then worth seven shillings, was found in the possession of a woman who claimed it ?fell off the back of the cart?.\r\nAmidst ongoing tensions between India and China, a Gujarat-based firm has asked its associates and 400 dealers to stop using their Chinese phones and promised to give Made in India phones in return. The posts on Facebook by the firm asked people to fulfil their duties as Indian citizens and encourage Indian forces defending our borders by boycotting Chinese goods.\r\nIn the wake of the growing tensions between India and China following the recent Doklam standoff, several people across the country have raised their voices in protest. A Gujarat-based company has chosen to protest in a unique way. The company has asked its dealers and associates to boycott their Chinese phones and promised them Indian phones instead to its 400 dealers.A poster used by the company on its Facebook profile stated that the only way to protest against Chinese incursion was to stop using Chinese phones. The company has also requested its dealers not to buy any phones made in China. The firm has announced to give away Intex S1 and Karbonn K95 phones which are made in India.In the poster, the business emphatically stated that it was the duty of the citizens towards the Indian Army guarding the borders."China has been provoking India frequently of late. If we want to fight them, we need to target their economy by not buying Chinese products. This is why we have decided to give away Indian-made phones to our dealers who are using Chinese phones. Every citizen should come forward and boycott Chinese products," Managing Director of Rudra TMX, Nikhil Gupta told  Divya Bhaskar.Meanwhile, China has reportedly moved 'tens of thousands of tonnes' of military vehicles and equipment to Tibet under the pretext of two defence exercises held on the plateau in recent weeks. Also Read:Now, China moves tonnes of military equipment to Tibet. Should India be scared?\r\nThe Telangana School Education Department on Tuesday issued an order capping the weight of school bags for students in primary, upper primary and high schools. The order directed school managements to ensure that the weight of a bag does not exceed 5 kilograms for class 10 students. Reportedly, students in Telangana have been carrying bags weighing 6 to 17 kgs. \r\nSchoolchildren in Telangana will no longer have to carry loads of textbooks and notebooks following a government order on Tuesday capping the weight of school bags for students from primary school to Class X.The order, which came into effect from Wednesday, made it mandatory for all the school managements to ensure that the students do not carry more than the prescribed weight of school bags.According to the order, the maximum weight of a school bag with textbooks and notebooks should not exceed 1.5 kg for Class 1 and II; 2-3 kg for Classes III to V; 4 kg for Classes VI and VII; 4.50 kg for Classes VIII and IX and 5 kg for Class X students.Until now, school children were carrying bags weighing from 6 kg to 12 kg at primary level and up to 17 kg at high school level, the government noted. ?This has a severe, adverse physical effect on the growing children which can cause damage to their vertebral column, knees and can also causes anxiety disorders in students,? the order said.The order said the heavy load was caused by the fact that the children bring textbooks, guides, homework notebooks, rough work notebooks etc., to the classroom every day. Therefore, clear guidelines of what to bring to the schools is required, it said.The school managements should inform students well in advance about the textbooks and notebooks to be brought to the school on a particular day. The department asked the schools to sensitise parents and students about appropriate kind of school bags to be used.The order also said that there should be no homework for primary school students and all work pertaining to exercises given at the end of each unit or lesson in textbooks should be done during school hours under supervision of teachers. ?The school should plan for homework to classes VI to X by allocating particular days for homework for specific subjects,? the order said.The order also asks schools to provide safe drinking water so as to avoid children getting water bottles from home, which add to their load.The Andhra Pradesh Child Rights Association has welcomed the move and said the government should ensure strict implementation of the order. ?The officials should take action against the school managements which insist on workbooks and other material, thereby overloading the students,? association president P Achyuta Rao said.\r\nBSP chief Mayawati's resignation as Rajya Sabha MP may not be accepted since it does not follow the prescribed format, according to reports. Mayawati has cited not being allowed to speak about Dalit atrocities in the Rajya Sabha as the reason for her resignation. However, parliamentary procedure dictates that a parliamentarian cannot cite a motive or reason for resigning.\r\nBahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati resigned from Parliament on Tuesday, hours after storming out of the Rajya Sabha over not being allowed time to complete her speech on alleged Dalit atrocities in Uttar Pradesh.The resignation of Mayawati, a Dalit leader and a former chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, may not be accepted since it does not follow a prescribed format, but her move could give her a political point by projecting herself as a champion of the Dalit cause. ?Jab satta paksh mujhe apni baat rakhne ka bhi samay nahi de raha hai toh mera isteefa dena hi theek hai (If the ruling party is not going to allow me to speak, then it?s better to resign),? ANI?quoted Mayawati as saying shortly after she submitted her letter of resignation to the Rajya Sabha secretary general Shamsher Shariff?s office at around 5pm. Read | What BSP chief Mayawati?s threat to quit Rajya Sabha meansThe Rajya Sabha session began at 11am, and shortly afterwards Mayawati began speaking on atrocities against Dalits after being given 3 minutes to raise the issue. As she went past the scheduled time, Rajya Sabha deputy chairman PJ Kurien stopped her and an angry Mayawati stormed out of the House threatening to resign. In her 3-page resignation letter, she detailed the morning?s incident as the reason for her decision, which technically is a breach of protocol. A parliamentarian cannot cite a motive or reason for quitting, parliamentary procedure dictates. If people in power, the Bharatiya Janata Party or the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) does not allow me to speak in the interest of marginalised communities, then I can no longer continue in this Parliament, she said in the letter written in Hindi.Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukthar Abbas Naqvi said Mayawati had insulted the chair by threatening to resign. ?She must apologise.?He said the government was prepared to raise all issues. Opposition leader Ghulam Nabi Azad supported Mayawati and took objection to Naqvi?s remarks. ?When Mayawati tried to talk, she was told we have got the mandate. We did not know the BJP has got the mandate to massacre minorities and Dalits,? Azad, a Congress leader, said amid interruptions by the treasury benches. If her resignation is accepted, the BSP as well as the Opposition will lose an MP while the BJP in UP will bag the seat. Rajya Sabha members are elected by MLAs of the state and in UP, the Yogi Adityanath-led BJP has a brute majority.The BSP chief?s term is going to end in April 2018. Given that her party has just 19 MLAs in the 403 member-strong assembly, the Dalit leader is unlikely to get any seat in the biennial polls in April. Her party has no member in the Lok Sabha, and observers say her focus on Dalit atrocities is part of a strategy for her to claw back political mileage.\r\nThe Gujarat government launched a pilot programme on Tuesday to provide subsidised meals to labourers for ?10, once a day, under Chief Minister Vijay Rupani's scheme 'Shramik Annapurna Yojana'. The meal will be served through stalls at various labourer markets. Although, the government plans to cover over 5 lakh registered labourers, presently, 25,000 labourers will be covered through 83 stalls.\r\nPoll-bound Gujarat has joined the likes of Tamil Nadu,Odisha and Rajasthan  by coming out with its own version of canteens for  providing  meals to the poor at a highly subsidised rate.Under the Shamik Annapurna Yojna launched on Tuesday, labourers will be provided a meal per day at Rs 10. This is probably the first of its kind scheme for labourers, especially the homeless who do not have fuel and utensils for cooking.The meal ? five rotis, mixed vegetable, rice, pickles and green chilies (and desert on Sundays) ? will be served through saffron-coloured stalls. These \xa0stalls are at spots near various kadiyanakas (labourer markets).For the time being, some 25,000 labourers will be covered through 83 stalls set up across the state. The government plans to cover over five lakh registered labourers in the future.?No government in the past 60 years thought about addressing issues like the daily food requirement of labourers. Our government has taken an initiative,? chief minister Vijay Rupani,  who served piping hot meals to  workers at a stall in Narol area of Ahmedabad, said. Each stall has six attendants. While two of them ? donning apron, hand gloves and cap ? are there to prepare and serve food, the job of two others is to check identity cards and collect cash from the beneficiaries. The other two attendants will be managing crowds.Beneficiaries have to produce an identity card, either Aadhaar or voter card, and get themselves registered with the stall from which they wish to buy food every day.?NGOs have been roped in to prepare the meal. This will also help us to maintain the quality,? said an official from the Labour and Employment department. \xa0The BJP government in Gujarat will seek a sixth-term in assembly elections scheduled later this year. Subsidised canteens  called ?Amma Canteens?  launched by former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa proved to be hugely popular and earned her immense political goodwill. Subsidised meal schemes have been introduced in other states since then, including Odisha where chief minister Naveen Patnaik?s ?Aahar? canteens have also been a big hit. Critics, however,  say such welfare measures are non-productive and are a big drain on the exchequer. \r\nThe Delhi government has announced plans to make Sarai Kale Khan the biggest transport hub of Delhi. Along with high-speed trains connecting the airport to Gurugram, Panipat, Ghaziabad, Meerut, and Alwar, it will also have a metro station, and a railway station. Sarai Kale Khan already has an Interstate Bus Terminus which will be redeveloped under the plan.\r\nThree high-speed trains connecting the airport to Gurgaon, Ghaziabad, Meerut, Panipat and Alwar; a metro station connecting the entire Delhi; a railway station and an interstate bus terminus ? Sarai Kale Khan is going to be the biggest transport hub of Delhi. The Delhi government has planned an Rs 550 crore makeover plan for the existing bus terminal with interchange facility for every mode of transport. Facilitated with lifts, escalators, walkalators, foot overbridges and underpasses, all modes of transport will come under one roof. Currently, interstate buses and trains bound for Mumbai side operates from Sarai Kale Khan, which is next to the Hazrat Nizamuddin railway station. The metro station will be on line 7 of Delhi Metro connecting Mukundpur (Majlis Park) to Shiv Vihar.?We are going to develop it as a major transport hub. This will be a one stop destination for the need of travellers within Delhi and outside Delhi too. A plan has been prepared, where commercial spaces like malls and food courts will be developed and all modes of transport will be interlinked,? said a transport department official.Delhi government?s transport department has prepared the plan, but the public works department might execute the project. A discussion on this is currently on and the project will be completed in two years.?Currently, there is haphazard movement of traffic. We want the UP-bound buses to start from here and the footfall will increase first after the operation of Delhi Metro in 2018 and then the operation of Delhi-Meerut high-speed rail corridor in 2023. We are developing it in a way so that it can handle over 10 lakh passengers every day,? the official added.The underground metro station at Sarai Kale Khan will be operational by next year and will connect the commuters with almost every part of the capital.?Interchange is our focus and future projects are kept in a mind while developing the area. We don?t want passengers to come out from one system to use another. Everything will be under one roof and even the ticketing system will be integrated. Our three lines will connect at Sarai Kale Khan. So for us, this is the main point,? said Vinay Kumar Singh, managing director of National Capital Region Transport Corporation (NCRTC), which is executing the high-speed rail corridors.The Delhi government will also develop the area around it, so that it is accessible from private and public modes of transport.?A loop has been constructed at Barapullah exclusively for interstate buses, so that they don?t have to get stuck in jam. The new structure that will come up will be directly connected with the loop. To reduce congestion on the main ring road, another flyover will be constructed,? a PWD official said.\r\nActress and singer Bidisha Bezbaruah, who was recently seen in Ranbir Kapoor-starrer 'Jagga Jasoos', allegedly committed suicide at her Gurugram residence. According to police officials, she had not been taking calls since Monday evening, and was later found hanging from the ceiling of her rented flat. Her father said she had quarrels with her husband, whom she married last year.\r\nThe Gurugram Police has arrested actor Bidisha Bezbaruah's husband a day after she was found dead under mysterious circumstances. The 30-year-old actor and singer, who was seen in the recently released film Jagga Jasoos with Ranbir Kapoor, allegedly committed suicide at her residence in the posh Sushant Lok area of the city. She was a native of Assam was well known TV personality who had hosted many stage shows as well. She had recently come from Mumbai to Gurgaon, the police said. "Bezbaruah was found hanging from a ceiling fan in her rented accommodation which she had taken recently," Deputy Commissioner of Police (East) Deepak Saharan said. He said the father of the actress had informed the police that she was not taking his calls. "Her father suspected something foul as she was not picking the phone on Monday evening. He approached the police and gave details of her local address," Saharan said. When the police reached the spot, the main gate and the door were locked from inside. The police team broke open the door and found her hanging, he said. "The victims father claimed in his complaint that she had a love marriage but would often have quarrels with her husband," Saharan said. Her mobile phone, Facebook and social networking site conversations are being examined by investigating teams. "We are investigating the case and if required we will call her husband to record his statement," Saharan said. No suicide note was recovered from her possession. Meanwhile, Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal spoke to his Haryana counterpart Manohar Lal Khattar seeking proper probe into the death.ALSO READ:Mumbai: Bhojpuri actress hangs herself in Andheri residence\r\nTo avoid a shortage of beef, the BJP-led government in Goa has not blocked the option of getting the meat from Karnataka's Belgaum, Goa CM Manohar Parrikar said on Tuesday. Adding that around 2,000 kg of beef was produced daily at Goa's only legal slaughterhouse, Parrikar said the slaughterhouse can increase production if traders bring in more animals.\r\nTo avoid beef shortage in Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said the BJP-led government had kept open its option of importing it from Karnataka.Parrikar told the Goa assembly: ?We have not closed the option to stop getting meat from Belgaum (in Karnataka) to ensure that there is no shortage. ?I can assure you that inspection of beef from the neighbouring state will be done by a proper and authorised medical doctor, and not others,? he said in response to a question by BJP MLA Nilesh Cabral.Parrikar also said around 2,000 kg of beef was slaughtered daily at the state?s only legal abattoir, the Goa Meat Complex, at Ponda, around 40 km from here.?The rest (of the beef demand) is met by Karnataka,? Parrikar said. ?The government does not have any intention to restrict bringing animals for slaughter at the Goa Meat Complex from the neighbouring state.?Beef is commonly consumed in the state?s tourism belt as well as by Goa?s minorities, which account for more than 30% of the state?s population.\r\nShiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Tuesday defended the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation over waterlogging problems in Mumbai. Speaking at the inauguration of an arts theatre, Thackeray said, "What would the BMC do if it rains heavily?" Notably, heavy rainfall since Monday has caused slow traffic and waterlogged roads, leading to commuter woes across the city.\r\n Even as the downpour in the city continued on Tuesday leading to commuter woes, Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Tuesday defended the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and blamed the rain instead. Thackeray was speaking at the inauguration of the newly refurbished Mahakavi Kalidas Natyamandir arts theatre at Mulund. Bharatiya Janata Party leaders, however, gave the function a miss, highlighting the strained relations between the allies. Speaking at the function, Uddhav Thackeray said what could the BMC do if it rained heavily.He said that the city didn?t witness much water logging this year so far and expressed confidence that Mumbai would not get submerged. ?But then what would the BMC do if it rains heavily?? he said. Meanwhile, the BJP leaders who boycotted the event said that they had written to mayor Vishwanath Mahadeshwar to invite chief minister Devendra Fadnavis for the event, which the corporation failed to. Corporators also said that the municipal commissioner had initiated an inquiry into the functioning of the theatre. The Priyadarshini sports complex, where the theatre stands, was handed over to the trust Brihanmumbai Krida and Lalitkala Pratisthan (BKLP) on a 30-year lease in 1990. BKLP is headed by Shiv Sena leader Aadesh Bandekar. Local BJP corporator Prakash Gangadhare has accused the trust of financial irregularities and illegal activities. Gangadhare said, ?The municipal commissioner has already ordered an inquiry into the irregularities. We opposed it because the mayor failed to invite the chief minister for the inauguration.?Ironically, T ward of Mulund is represented only by BJP leaders at the corporation, the state legislature and even the Parliament. Kalidas was refurbished at a cost of Rs27crore by the civic body. Mahadeshwar said, ?I don?t know anything about BJP?s boycott. Anybody can boycott an event in a democracy.Our motive was to re-open the art theatre as soon as possible for citizen?s benefit.? \r\nPolice and the state mining department on Tuesday found that illegal sand mining was taking place in Greater Noida on two plots near the Yamuna river. Authorities said that they have recovered around 18,126 cubic metres of sand from the plots in Sikandarpur and Murshadpur. The plot owners were booked and issued notices worth ?70 lakh.\r\nPolice and the state mining department have detected illegal sand mining on two plots along the Yamuna river in Greater Noida, the district magistatre said on?Tuesday.DM BN Singh told PTI that illegal mining was detected on two plots in Sikandarpur and Murshadpur along Yamuna river and around 18,126 cubic metres of sand was recovered from the sites.An FIR has been lodged and notices worth Rs 70 lakh have been issued to the plot owners, he said.Singh said that SDM Sadar Anjani Kumar led the team comprising police officials and the mining staff. \r\nUnion Minister Kiren Rijiju on Tuesday said the government has undertaken construction of 73 roads of 'operational significance' along Indo-China border. Out of the 73 roads, 46 are being constructed by the Defence Ministry and 27 by the Home Ministry. This comes while India and China are engaged in a standoff after China attempted to construct a road in Doklam.\r\nAs many as 73 roads with ?operational significance? are being constructed along the Sino-India border, the Lok Sabha was informed on?Tuesday.?The government has decided to undertake construction of 73 roads of operational significance along Indo-China border. Out of these 73 roads, 46 are being constructed by the Ministry of Defence and 27 by the Ministry of Home Affairs,? Minister of State for Home, Kiren Rijiju, said in reply to a written question.He said 30 roads had been completed so far. The roads were scheduled to be completed by 2012-13.The major reasons for the delay included limited working season combined with logistical issues due to high altitude, rugged and difficult terrain, natural calamities, delay in forest/ wildlife clearances and land acquisition, Rijiju said.The minister said a number of steps have been taken to expedite the road projects such as setting up of a high level empowered committee, headed by the Union home secretary, to review and monitor the progress of border infrastructure projects regularly.India and China share a 3,488 km-long border ? from Jammu and Kashmir to Arunachal Pradesh.The two countries have been engaged in a standoff in the Dokalam area along the India-China-Bhutan tri-junction for the past three weeks after a construction party of the Chinese Army attempted to build a road in the region. \r\nChina moved "tens of thousands of tonnes" of military equipment to the border in Tibet till June, according to Chinese media reports. The equipment was moved by the "western theatre command, which oversees the restive regions of Xinjiang and Tibet, and handles border issues with India". The media reports were quoting Chinese Army's mouthpiece PLA Daily.\r\nChina has transported ?tens of thousands of tonnes? of military hardware and army vehicles into the mountainous Tibet region against the backdrop of the standoff with India near the Sikkim border, according to a military newspaper.The equipment and vehicles were moved simultaneously by road and rail from across the entire region late last month, Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post (SCMP) quoted the People?s Liberation Army (PLA) Daily, the official mouthpiece of China?s military, as saying.?The vast haul was transported to a region south of the Kunlun Mountains in northern Tibet by the Western Theatre Command ? which oversees the restive regions of Xinjiang and Tibet, and handles border issues with India,? the report said.State media releases video "Crossing the line of fire " of PLA soldiers' drill in Tibet at 5000 metres amid Donglang standoff @htTweets pic.twitter.com/uLpe60brIn? sutirtho patranobis (@spatranobis) July 19, 2017Another section of same state media video "crossing the line of fire" military exercise in Tibet @htTweets pic.twitter.com/3OAl0RySr6? sutirtho patranobis (@spatranobis) July 19, 20173rd part of the same PLA exercise video in Tibet @htTweets pic.twitter.com/BYjPaekQXs? sutirtho patranobis (@spatranobis) July 19, 2017The standoff between Indian and Chinese troops in the Donglang or Doklam sector began on June 16, when India acted in coordination with Bhutan to oppose the construction of a road by Chinese troops. The PLA Daily?s report suggested the gear was moved after the face-off began.The reports did not say whether China moved the equipment to support military drills held in Tibet, including in the middle and lower reaches of the Yarlung Zangbo river, close to the border of India?s northeastern states, or for other reasons.Sources in the security establishment in New Delhi said there was ?no unusual military movement? in China during the past two months. The sources also said China had been conducting military exercises in the Tibet region since 2009. Ni Lexiong, a Shanghai-based military commentator, suggested to SCMP the movement of military equipment was most likely related to the standoff and could have been designed to bring India to the negotiating table.?Diplomatic talks must be backed by military preparation,? he said.Wang Dehua, from the South Asia Studies Centre at Shanghai Institutes for International Studies, said the scale of the troop and equipment movement showed how much easier it is for China to defend its western borders.?Military operations are all about logistics,? he told SCMP. ?Now there is much better logistics support to the Tibet region.?Beijing has accused New Delhi of ?illegal trespass? in Donglang sector and said the withdrawal of Indian troops is a must for resolving the face-off and opening talks.Donglang is under the control of Beijing but the area at the strategic tri-junction of India, Bhutan and China is claimed by Thimphu.India has said the road being built by the Chinese troops has serious security implications and will alter the status quo in the region.Earlier this week, state-run CCTV beamed footage of PLA troops from a mountain brigade engaged in a military exercise with live ammunition in the Tibet region. The location of the drill was not far from the Donglang and the state-run media reported that troops which were involved were ?responsible for frontline combat missions?.The live-fire drills included the ?quick delivery of troops and different military units working together on joint attacks?, the state media reported. The troops also carried out anti-aircraft defence drillsOther media reports said Tibet?s mobile communication agency had conducted a drill in Lhasa on July 10 during which personnel practiced the setting up of a temporary mobile network ?to secure communications in an emergency?.\r\nTwo leaders of Yuva Sena on Tuesday asked the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's commissioner to file a ?500 crore defamation case against 93.5 Red FM and its host RJ Malishka. The controversy ensued after a viral song by the channel allegedly made fun of the BMC. They claimed that the channel had defamed the corporation for problems outside its jurisdiction.\r\nAfter a video by a local private FM channel poking fun at the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) went viral on social media, two Yuva Sena members on Tuesday urged the municipal commissioner to file a Rs500-crore defamation suit against 93.5 Red FM.The two leaders ? Amey Ghole, who is also a corporator, and Samadhan Sarvankar, who is Sena legislator Sada Sarvankar?s son ? said the radio channel and its radio host, Malishka, were unfairly blaming the BMC for problems that are not under its jurisdiction. Read: RJ Malishka hits back at BMC, tweets she has six more songs readyThey submitted a letter to BMC commissioner Ajoy Mehta, saying the video maligned the image of Mumbai and the BMC, and also dented the confidence of several thousand of BMC employees who work hard to keep the city afloat during the rains.Sarvankar said, ?The song did not name the Shiv Sena directly, but it hurts us that Mumbai?s and the BMC?s image is unnecessarily taking a hit. The two main highways of Mumbai don?t come under the BMC and it is not responsible for Mumbai?s traffic or the functioning of its railways.? He added that Mehta assured that the BMC will take some action. Read: More trouble for RJ Malishka: Now, BMC sends her notice for mosquito-breeding at Mumbai homeGhole, a corporator from Wadala, said, ?The BMC?s legal department will decide what action is best suited in this case. The song has hurt the city?s efforts at attracting foreign investment and global talent. The civic body can either file a defamation suit or issue a warning.? Read more: RJ?Malishka gets BMC notice: BJP, Congress blame Shiv Sena\r\nPakistan's Supreme Court on Monday began hearings on the Panama Papers case against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. This comes after the SC-appointed Joint Investigation Team (JIT) panel found the country's leader guilty of financial irregularities including tax evasion. The court is expected to put Sharif on trial on corruption charges or disqualify him, however, Sharif has denied any wrongdoing.\r\nPakistan?s supreme court has begun hearings that will decide the future of the prime minister, Nawaz Sharif, who is fighting for his job and contesting a damning corruption report by an investigative panel. The supreme court is expected to order Sharif be tried Sharif on corruption charges, or disqualify him, but few expect the judges to dismiss the case after the panel tabled a damaging 254-page report into his family wealth. Sharif has denied any wrongdoing after the report alleged his family?s vast wealth was beyond their means and accused his children, including presumed heir Maryam, of signing forged documents to obscure ownership of four flats in London?s Mayfair. Sharif, 67, has rejected demands by opposition parties to resign, warning his replacement would destabilise the country and imperil hard-won economic gains since his poll victory in 2013.?It hurts that despite all of our hard work, attempts are afoot once again to push the country back,? Sharif told a meeting of his ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party at the weekend.In April Sharif narrowly escaped disqualification after the supreme court ruled there was insufficient evidence to remove him ? by a 2-3 split ? over documents released by the Panama Papers leak into offshore wealth. But it ordered further investigations, and the formation of the joint investigation team (JIT) panel. Sharif has talked of a conspiracy against him, but has not named anyone. His allies, however, privately claim that elements of Pakistan?s powerful military and the judiciary are bent on toppling him. The army spokesman brushed aside questions about claims the military?s hidden hand was the driving force behind the JIT investigation, saying ?the Pakistan army is not directly connected?. The six-person JIT panel included one member from the military intelligence agency and another from the Inter-Services Intelligence directorate, the country?s top spy agency. Sharif, the son of an industrialist, is serving his third term in power and has had a fractious relationship with the army. He was originally nurtured by the military as a civilian politician who would protect their interests, and he served as prime minister twice in the 1990s. But relations soured and his second stint as prime minister ended when he was ousted in a 1999 coup leading to a decade of exile. Relations with the military during the current term have also been tense. Sharif?s legal team and the opposition will be given a chance to contest the JIT findings and Sharif is also expected to be summoned to appear before the court in coming days or weeks. Opposition politicians say Sharif is concocting claims of conspiracy to save his skin and argue that if he really wanted to protect democracy he should step down. Imran Khan, the opposition leader who pushed the hardest for Sharif to be investigated, said the prime minister would end up in jail, and vowed protests if he was not ousted by the court. ?Either we will celebrate in Islamabad or otherwise we will hit the streets to save our democracy and to make sure we send this mafia to Adiyala jail,? Khan told supporters.\r\nTeam India's newly appointed bowling coach Bharat Arun's coaching career started in 2002 with Tamil Nadu's Ranji side, the team he represented as a player. Arun led Tamil Nadu to two Ranji finals in his 4-year stint with the team. Arun has also coached the India Under-19 team, helping them win the U-19 World Cup in 2012.\r\nBharat Arun has made a comeback into the Indian dressing room as he has been appointed bowling coach by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Tuesday.The unnamed BCCI committee comprising acting president CK Khanna, acting secretary Amitabh Choudhary and CoA member Diana Edulji met at the board headquarters in Mumbai.WATCH VIDEOSanjay Bangar and R Sridhar will remain the assistant and fielding coach respectively. All appointments have been made for a two year term.Arun has been handed a full-time role as bowling consultant Zaheer Khan will only be available for 150 days a year."I was very clear in my mind what my core team would be and you have just heard that," Shastri said after Choudhary announced the appointment in a press conference.His appointment marks a complete u-turn for the BCCI, which had named Zaheer as bowling consultant initially before clarifying that it was for specific overseas tours.There is also, no clarity on Rahul Dravid's position as batting consultant either."All depends on their availability, it depends on individuals, the number of days they want to give but their inputs will be invaluable and they are most welcome," was Shastri's cryptic response on queries regarding Zaheer and Dravid. The 54-year-old had previously served in the same capacity during Shastri's tenure as team director from 2014 to 2016. The former India bowler was also Shastri's teammate from their Under-19 and India days.Shastri, who was in London when his appointment was announced, also thanked the Cricket Advisory Committee -- comprising Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman -- for picking him for the high-profile job."I would like to thank the CAC because it is a privilege and honour to be India's coach. And I would like to thank the CAC for considering me worthy enough for the job," he said.\xa0 \r\nOpposition's Vice Presidential candidate and Mahatma Gandhi's grandson Gopalkrishna Gandhi on Tuesday expressed his stand against death penalty and capital punishments calling them as medieval practices. Gandhi said, "Death penalty is wrong and this is my principle." Notably, Shiv Sena criticised him for a letter he wrote to the President in 2015, seeking clemency for a 1993 Mumbai blasts accused.\r\nDays before the vice presidential election, the Opposition's candidate, Gopalkrishna Gandhi, once again came out against the death penalty and capital punishment, saying that they belong in the medieval ages.Addressing reporters after filing nomination papers for the post of the vice president of India, Gandhi said, "I feel that the death penalty and capital punishment belong to the medieval ages. Death penalty is wrong and this is my principle.""I do not think I need to defend myself on this issue. The death penalty is a death penalty," Gandhi added, referring to the controversy generated by the Shiv Sena attacking him over his 2015 letter to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking clemency for 1993 Mumbai serial blasts financier Yakub Memon.Gandhi noted that he has written a similar petition for Indian national Kulbhushan Jadhav, who is currently on the death row in Pakistan.SHIV SENA TRYING TO MALIGN GANDHI?Shiv Sena brandished their attack on Gandhi yet again on Monday, when Sena leader and Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Raut opposed his candidature over his anti-capital punishment principles. Raut asked,"Gandhi had used all his powers to save Yakub Memon. He even had written to the President. I want to ask (Opposition) what kind of mindset is this."Notably, Gandhi has always maintained that he is against the death penalty. In his comments today, Gandhi said that his opposition to the death penalty is inspired from two persons - Mahatma Gandhi, his grandfather, and Babasaheb Ambedkar.Before this, in 2015, while delivering a lecture, Gandhi had said, "I would like to take this opportunity to say right at the start...that India must move determinedly forward to the abolition of the capital punishment".Gandhi, the grandson of Mahatma Gandhi and C Rajagopalachari, will contest against the NDA candidate M Venkaiah Naidu in the vice presidential election scheduled to be held on August 5. Death penalty and capital punishment belongs to the medieval ages : #VicePresidential candidate #GopalKrishnaGandhipic.twitter.com/r1zcoG2MGy\r\nAfter successful heart surgery of their four-month-old son in a Noida-based hospital, a Pakistani couple expressed their gratitude towards India and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj. The couple said, "Thank You India. Thank you for everything," adding, "Minister Swaraj made a personal intervention in our case and ensured that we receive our visa."\r\nOverwhelmed by the support extended by the Indian government and medical staff of a Noida-based hospital, Pakistani couple Kanwal Siddiq and Anam Siddiq bid a teary farewell to India after their four and a half months old son Rohaan recovered from a complex heart surgery.The Lahore-based couple will take a flight back home on Tuesday evening after a month long stay in India, which was made possible after multiple interventions by the minister for external affairs Sushma Swaraj. At a time when hostilities and skirmishes on the Line of Control (LoC) have strained bilateral ties between the nuclear neighbours, it has got increasingly difficult for residents to obtain visa to travel to each other?s countries.?Thank You India. Thank you for everything. The past one month has been a spiritual and emotional journey for us. There was a time when we feared losing our son. I simply can?t express how happy I am to see him fully recovered and smiling,? a teary-eyed Kanwal said.Kanwal thanked Swaraj for helping them secure medical visas. He had taken to micro-blogging site Twitter to express his angst over being denied permit to travel to India.?Minister Swaraj made a personal intervention in our case and ensured that we receive our visa. I could even go as far as to say that it is the big heart of Sushma Swaraj that his pumping blood into Rohaan?s (his son) veins,? Kanwal said.Pakistani couple Kanwal Siddiq and Anam with their son Rohaan.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Virendra Singh Gosain/HT Photo)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tA civil engineer by profession, Kanwal (32) arrived at Jaypee Hospital in Noida?s Sector 132 on June 12 after doctors in Pakistan told him that Rohaan has a hole in his heart. ?When doctors in Pakistan told me rare condition that Rohaan had been diagnosed with, I frantically started looking for medical help in UAE and other countries. But I?d heard a lot of good things about Indian doctors and thus, with the help of Indian diplomats, I secured visas to travel to the country,? Siddiq said.?Rohaan had a hole in his heart and the Aorta and pulmonary arteries were not positioned as they are in a normal human body. Due to this condition, his heart was pumping blood sans oxygen and his body was turning blue. He was also suffering from continuous bouts of pneumonia,? Dr Rajesh Sharma, director, paediatric cardiac surgery department, Jaypee Hospital, said.Doctors began an exhaustive 5-hour surgery on June 14 where his condition was treated with Arterial Switch with VSD closure.?In this surgery, the AORTA and Pulmonary arteries were removed from their place and adjusted to their right place. Post-surgery, the baby was shifted to the ICU and was put on ventilator support. Now, he is fully recovered,? Sharma said.Though the Siddiqs don?t have much hope of travelling to India again anytime soon owing to the prevailing climate of hostility between the neighbours, Kanwal said their month-long has given them spiritual strength.?Now, I want to dedicate my life towards raising awareness for a healthy heart. I want to enlighten more and more people on the need to take care of one?s heart from an early age. I also wish to form an organisation in Lahore to take my cause forward,? Kanwal said.\r\nChildren in at least 3 schools along the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir's Rajouri district were evacuated in bullet-proof vehicles on Tuesday after Pakistan fired on Indian posts along the border. Schools in 23 villages close to the LoC have been closed indefinitely and 3,500 people have been moved to relief camps, district police officials said. \r\nChildren in at least three schools along the Line of Control (LoC) in the Nowshera sector of Rajouri district were trapped on Tuesday as the Pakistan army pounded Indian posts and forward villages along the de-facto border in neighbouring Poonch, prompting India to retaliate in equal measure.SSP Rajouri, Yougal Manhas told HT over phone that nearly 200 children had to be evacuated to safety in bullet proof vehicles in Nowshera sector of Rajouri district.?Heavy shelling was reported in Bhawani, Sair and Kadali villages of Nowshera sector. Even now (5.45 pm), intense shelling is on. At least 11 students were trapped in middle school Sair and nearly 50 students at high school Sair and around 150 in high school Bhawani,? he said, adding that there was another school where children had to be kept inside because of the shelling.Villagers showing the remains of mortar shells fired by Pakistan at Niaka Panjgrian area of Manjakote sector in Rajouri district on Monday. \r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(PTI)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tRajouri deputy commissioner Shahid Iqbal Choudhary rushed to Bhawani to take stock of the situation and evacuation.The children were ferried from the school in bullet proof vehicles during the intermittent shelling by Pakistan, Choudhary said.?We have sent three bullet proof vehicles to evacuate the students from a high school at Sehar. Once the intensity of shelling lessens, we will rescue them too?, Choudhary said.Schools in 23 villages close to the LoC have been closed indefinitely and 3,500 people have been moved to relief camps, he said, adding that close to 5,000 people have been affected by the shelling.The district administration had sought the army?s help to evacuate the small children. ?Field officers have been deputed for coordination,? Choudhary said.A soldier reportedly sustained injuries in the exchange of fire in Mendhar sector of Poonch district, but the army has not confirmed it yet.Defence spokesperson Lt Col Manish Mehta said on Tuesday morning, there was unprovoked ceasefire violation by Pakistan in Bhimber Gali and Poonch sectors from 6.45 am. Around 1.50 pm, Pakistani troops opened fire, including mortars, in Nowshera sector of Rajouri district.On Monday, Pakistani army had violated the ceasefire in Balakote and Poonch sectors, killing a minor girl and a soldier besides injuring four others.Pakistani forces have also violated the ceasefire in the Manjakote sector.Around 5,000 people in the villages of Panjgrain, Rajdhani, and Naika in Rajouri district were affected due to truce violations.In Rajouri, 16 schools close to LoC have been shut indefinitely. The district administration has ordered migration of the civilian population to safer places.In a post on its website, the Pakistani army?s publicity wing, ISPR said Pakistani Army DGMO?Major General Sahir Shamshad Mirza, in a hotline contact, lodged its protest against the ?deliberate targeting of Pakistan Army?s vehicle resulting into Shahadat (death) of 4 soldiers besides injuring one soldier and a civilian passer-by.?It emphasized the importance of controlling tactical actions, warning that such indiscretions can potentially spiral major standoffs.\r\nChina on Tuesday called for an immediate withdrawal of Indian troops that illegally crossed the boundary so as "to avoid escalation". China's Foreign Ministry said, "The illegal trespass by the Indian border personnel has drawn extensive attention from the international community." China also asserted that India should not use illegal trespass as a "policy tool" to realise its political targets.\r\nChina today called for an "immediate withdrawal" of Indian troops at Doklam "to avoid escalation", even as Beijing briefed foreign diplomatic missions in China on the stand-off at the trijunction."We have reiterated our position," Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said. "We hope the Indian side can get a clear understanding of the current situation and take immediate measures to bring back the personnel that illegally crossed the boundary so as to avoid escalation."On the briefing with the foreign diplomatic missions in Beijing, Lu said: "The illegal trespass by the Indian border personnel has drawn extensive attention from the international community.""Many foreign diplomatic missions in China said they were shocked by this and wanted to confirm whether it was true with the Chinese side," he said. "China maintains close communication with foreign diplomatic missions on issues they are interested in."Lu said China "also stressed that facts are very clear in this incident.""The Sikkim section is mutually recognised by two sides and this time Indian border personnel illegally trespassed the boundary into China's territory," he said. "We stressed the Indian side should not take a trespass as policy tool to realise their political target."ALSO READ:\r\nA standoff between a local community and miners has emerged in New Zealand after 8,500 kg of highest quality gold was found on a protected conservation land. Miners plan to begin extracting small amounts of gold from next year. However, locals argue that no amount of gold is worth compromising with the peace and harmony of their sacred land.\r\nA bitter stand-off between a local community and miners has emerged after a significant seam of gold was found on protected conservation land in New Zealand?s North Island.Last week New Talisman Gold Mines reported they had found a large vein of gold in the Karangahake Gorge in the North Island; 8,500kg of highest quality gold which put it in the top five percent of deposits worldwide when ranked on grade, according to the company.The find is believed to be worth tens of millions of New Zealand dollars.Talisman?s general manager of operations Wayne Chowles said the company planned to begin extracting small amounts of gold early next year, but locals in opposition to the scheme have sprung into action, saying the mining project threatens the ?peace and harmony? of their ?sacred? mountain and community.The Karangahake Gorge lies on protected department of conservation land in the Coromandel peninsula and is a popular destination for tourists and locals alike. Located one and a half hour?s drive from Auckland and 55 minutes from Hobbiton, the scenic gorge is famed for its rich history and lush natural beauty.But now the mining company and walkers are forced to share one narrow access road to the mountain.Chowles said there would be ?flow-down? benefits to the local community, and the footprint of the mining company in the reserve was ?small? at just 0.4 of a hectare with 95 percent of the proposed mining activity taking place underground. The company says the mine?s water supply was also processed through a ?closed loop system?. ?We do not believe that our activities have, or will, significantly disrupt the peace and beauty of the gorge,? said Chowles.. But some locals stridently disagree. Ruby Jane Powell is a member of the protest group Protect Karangahake. The group has been opposing any mining action in the gorge for a number of years, but have ?doubled their efforts? this week to protect the land, sending dozens of protestors to block the access road, or slow down prospecting efforts by sending ?very slow walkers? to clog up the road and prevent vehicle access. ?We don?t want to take direct action but we are left with no choice, the government and the department of conservation have failed to protect this treasured land,? said Powell. ?It is a really popular recreation area, and the local water source is taken down-stream from the mine. In general our culture and economy is really interlinked with the eco-tourism and outdoor aspect of life in the Coromandel, and mining threatens that,? said Powell. The government and the department of conservation have failed to protect this treasured landPowell said communication between the community and New Talisman had broken down. ?The reality is that gold-mining makes money for a few people, but we are the ones that pay the cost, we will have to live with a degraded environment and an altered sense of peace in the mountain.?Green Party MP Catherine Delahunty said industrial scale gold mining on Karangahake mountain would ?turn a beautiful recreational park and sacred mountain into an industrial zone?.?This is public land which has been set aside to protect its ecological values and for recreation. It is a sacred mountain to the indigenous people of the area and local residents are actively and peacefully opposing the initial development of the mining activity on the mountain.?The New Zealand Government is also hell bent on opening up conservation areas to mining but they do not have a mandate to destroy our precious places ?New Talisman were granted a 25-year mining permit to prospect and mine on conservation land in Karangahake in 2009, using an existing underground mine that has been in operation at various times between 1892 and 1992. It is legal to mine on conservation land in New Zealand if the government and local council grant a permit and if land access is given from the department of conservation.As of May there were 43 active mines on conservation land in New Zealand, according to the ministry of business, innovation and employment.New Talisman have all the consents they need and the government insists mining activity won?t affect the historic gorge. The only thing standing in their path is local opposition.Powell has vowed to keep up the fight. ?We will continue to put our bodies on the line to stop New Talisman working in the mountain,? she said.Note: This article has been updated to add in extra information provided on Talisman?s mine. \r\nSomalia's Internet has returned after an over three-week outage which reportedly cost the country's economy $10 million a day in business. The loss of internet service was attributed to a ship which cut an undersea cable connecting the country to global data networks. Hormuud Telecom, Somalia's largest telecom company, announced the restoration of service in a message to subscribers.\r\nSomalia?s internet has returned after an outage of more than three weeks cost the Horn of Africa nation about $10m a day.Hormuud Telecom, the country?s largest telecom company, announced the restoration of service in a message to subscribers.The loss of internet service sparked anger across Somalia and affected the central and southern parts of the country including the capital, Mogadishu. The government called it a ?major disaster.?Officials and internet providers attributed the problem to a commercial ship that they said cut an undersea cable.Major companies reported millions of dollars in revenue losses. University studies were disrupted.The internet outage also complicated efforts to combat a nationwide drought that has half of the country?s 12 million people in need of assistance.Residents in the capital celebrated the return of service. ?This helps a lot,? Abdirashid Duale, the CEO of the largest international Somali remittance company, Dahabshiil, told The Associated Press. ?The internet outage has affected many of our customers.?The lack of internet service also stranded patients who were seeking medical attention abroad as they couldn?t access online paperwork.?The internet outage had my father stuck in Mogadishu. Now we can take him to India having received all medical paperwork via internet,? said Nur Hussein.Somalia is trying to emerge from a quarter-century of conflict. The fragile central government remains a target for the al-Qaida-linked al-Shabab extremist group, which often carries out deadly attacks in the capital.\r\nFour persons were arrested by Gurugram Police for allegedly cloning debit and credit cards of customers at PVR cinemas in two malls on MG Road. The accused allegedly cloned around 45 to 50 cards and stole up to ?25 lakh from customers. They reportedly took note of ATM PIN numbers and used it to withdraw cash from the cloned cards. \r\nFour persons, including three former employees of PVR cinemas in Gurgaon, were arrested by Gurgaon police for allegedly cloning credit and debit cards of customers who visited the theatres. The accused are suspected to have cloned around 45 to 50 cards of customers and siphoned off an amount of Rs20 to Rs25 lakhs of customers who visited the theatres located on two malls on MG Road, the police said on Friday.The accused have been identified as Ajay Raghav, Sanjay Jat, Rahul Yadav and Sonajeet. They took note of ATM pin numbers of customers and later used it to withdraw cash from the cards cloned by them. Raghav, Jat, and Yadav worked in the mulitplexes.Two ATM card readers, one card cloning machine, one laptop and few cloned cards were recovered from the accused. The accused have been sent on three days police remand for further questioning. The machines are easily available online at a very low price, police said.A few days earlier, a similar racket was unearthed in?Delhi where an employee of Farzi cafe in Connaught Place was caught by police for cloning cards. Sumit Kuhar, deputy commissioner of police (crime), said that Ajay Raghav, a resident of Mathura in UP,?was the kingpin of the gang and was arrested from Mathura.?Raghav got to know that police was after him so he had shifted his accommodation. He is married and used the stolen money for family?s expenses,? said Kuhar. Raghav?s arrest and unraveling of the gang came after a Gurgaon resident Dhrishti Bhasin complained at Sector 56 police station that someone had withdrawn Rs50,000 from her account using a debit card on May 25.The matter was referred to the Cyber crime cell, which formed a team under cell in-charge inspector Anand Kumar that started identifying the ATMs from where the cash was being withdrawn.?After sustained investigation, the police was able to identify Sanjay Jat, a resident from Alwar in Rajasthan, and arrested him from his brother?s house in south city 2,? said Kuhar.On questioning, Jat spilled the beans and this led to the arrest of others including Raghav, Sonajeet who lives in DLF phase 4, and Rahul Yadav who is from Kosli in Rewari. It is being suspected that there are more members involved in the fraud, who used to steal ATM pin numbers from different locations. Police is also on the look out of a person, who had taught card cloning to Jat, which led to his entry into this trade.The accused have been arrested in a case registered at sector 56 police station under section 379 (theft), 420 (fraud), and 120b (criminal conspiracy) of IPC and section 66 of the IT Act.A representative of the PVR cinemas said that officials authorised to speak to the media were not available.\r\nStudents from Jawaharlal Nehru University staged a protest on Monday against the varsity's alleged decision to restrict 14 students, including JNUSU member Umar Khalid, from registering for the new semester because of their 'activism'. While the protestors claimed that the restriction was against the rules of the university, officials maintained they were within their rights to do so. \r\n A group of 15-odd students of Jawaharlal Nehru University, including members of the students union, staged a protest on Monday against the alleged disciplinary action taken against multiple students for acts of ?activism?. They burnt documents containing the order that around 10-odd students will not be allowed to register for the new academic session.The protest meeting, held outside the administrative block of JNU, saw a group of students equivocally condemning the alleged ?autocratic and authoritarian? regime at the university. They students set fire to the order signed by the chief proctor that claims 14 students have been restricted from registering for the new semester. The order said they were found guilty of misconduct by a probe committee in two separate incidents.Students found guilty of unlawfully confining JNU authorities, during the protests following Najeeb Ahmed?s disappearance and disrupting Academic Council proceedings, have been barred from registering for the new session unless they pay a fine, a JNU official said. The list of students includes JNUSU members and Umar Khalid, among others.Mohit Pandey, who is one of the 14 students and the president of JNUSU, claimed the procedure was against the rules of the university, as they were not allowed to restrict the registrations of any student.However, officials maintained they were within their rights to do so. ?In case you are fined, or are found guilty of anything illegal, the university can stop registrations... Students can register when they clear the fines. Two students have already paid the fine,? said the official.JNUSU members have said that they may consider legal recourse, unless the decision is not revoked.\r\nA group of thieves allegedly robbed a jewellery store in Mumbai by drilling a hole in its wall from a vacant store next door, police officials said on Monday. The robbers stole ?8.5 lakh worth of jewellery and left behind ?20 lakh worth of gold kept in an iron safe. Police are probing if the robbery was an inside job.\r\nA group of thieves enter a jewellery shop by drilling a hole from the store next door, steal jewellery kept on display but don?t touch a safe full of gold, and they do so when the CCTV cameras were switched off ? all on a night of heavy rain. They also leave behind their tools.The Palghar police feel something doesn?t add up and are now probing if the theft could be an inside job. The shop from where the thieves drilled the hole had been closed for three months. They entered through the back room of the jewellery shop and stole Rs8.5 lakh worth of jewellery, while leaving behind the Rs20 lakh worth of gold kept in an iron safe. The CCTV cameras were switched off since July 5.Inspector Kiran Kabadi of the Palghar police said they used an iron rod, screwdriver and other small weapons to break the wall and entered the shop through the same hole. ?But they left behind their weapons,? Kabadi said.The police said there are several loopholes, from the switched off cameras to the heist being timed when the store?s owner was hospitalised. ?We are questioning workers and the store staff. We feel it is an inside job as the shop has been robbed the same way thrice before,? Kabadi said.\r\nA voluntary residents' group in Greater Noida has taken up the responsibility of particular localities and walls in commercial and residential areas in order to ensure cleanliness. The group recently started a 'poster removal' drive as signboards and direction boards covered with posters make it difficult for commuters to locate addresses.\r\nIn an initiative to clean up their surroundings and keep city walls free from defacement, residents of Greater Noida are taking the responsibility of particular localities and walls in commercial and residential areas.The initiative was started by Active Citizens Team, a voluntary residents? group in Greater Noida, which takes up different tasks for the betterment of the city. The team had started a campaign to remove posters in Greater Noida about a fortnight ago.?We had started a poster removal drive in the commercial area of Alpha-1 sector earlier this month. The volunteers removed posters and banners that were defacing the walls. However, the bills and posters start surfacing again, within no time. So we had decided that residents would take the responsibility for their respective localities and keep them tidy with the help of volunteers,? Harendra Bhati, a member of Active Citizens Team, said.?We had made several appeals to the Greater Noida authority, which is responsible for taking down illegal posters and banners in the city, but there has been no definitive action taken by the authority against defacers. Hence we decided to take up the task on their own,? he added.Many signboards and direction boards are covered with posters and banners which make it difficult for commuters to locate addresses. ?We found posters even on the district magistrate?s residence board. The volunteers cleaned it on Saturday morning,? Bhati said.Sunil Pradhan, a property dealer and a volunteer, said, ?Defacement of city walls through posters is a major issue here. They keep recurring no matter how many times we clean them. So, it was decided that residents will adopt some areas and keep them clean. The volunteers can help them in their efforts.??Residents of Delta and Gamma sectors have requested that they be given the responsibility of keeping their respective localities clean,? said Bhati.\r\nThe Noida traffic police on Sunday trained 20 civilian volunteers on road safety rules to assist them in regulating traffic. The police had earlier appealed to residents through social networking sites to help them reduce vehicular congestion and around 40 residents extended their support. The volunteers will work during peak traffic hours at intersections, markets, and roads.  \r\nThe Noida traffic police imparted road safety training to 20 volunteers on Sunday who will assist them in reducing vehicular congestion and curbing traffic violations in their respective residential areas.Earlier in June, the traffic police had appealed to residents through social networking sites to assist them in reducing traffic congestion. Residents? welfare associations were also roped in to encourage residents to be a part of the initiative.Officials said that the volunteers will also be given reflector jackets for their safety and identification. The volunteers will mostly have to perform their duty during the peak hour when there is a high volume of traffic on city roads.On Sunday, the superintendent of police (traffic), Anil Kumar Jha interacted with the traffic volunteers at his office in Sector 14A and briefed them on their role. He assured them all assistance from the traffic police for regulating traffic movement on city roads.He also made them aware of the major traffic problems in Noida and sought their cooperation to curb them. Jha said that forty volunteers have extended their support and will work in their free time to streamline movement on city roads.The next batch of 20 volunteers will be given training in the coming week, the police said. Those who were given training were also provided reflector jackets and whistles to man traffic.Traffic inspector Layak Singh said that the volunteers will mostly be stationed at intersections, markets and roads. Noida city has 301 intersections and not all are equipped with traffic signals.Singh said that the initiative will generate awareness among commuters to follow traffic rules. Another reason behind inviting volunteers is a shortage of traffic personnel in Gautam Budh Nagar.According to senior police officials, the traffic police department has a shortage of 130 traffic personnel in the district. The department has two traffic inspectors, two traffic sub-inspectors, 38 head constables and 113 constables in the district.\r\nDelhi authorities have postponed the demolition of a temple allegedly built illegally in east Delhi's Shahdara. The Delhi High Court had ordered the demolition for Tuesday, but the Public Works Department said it was postponed to August due to 'administrative reasons'. This comes after a religious group warned of protests if the temple is demolished, reports said.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 17 (PTI) The authorities have postponed the demolition of a temple, allegedly built illegally at east Delhis Shahdara, due to "administrative reasons", the police said today. The temple was to be demolished today but the authorities have postponed it to August 21. "We have received a letter from the Public Works Department (PWD) communicating the change of date," said a senior police official. \r\nThe leader of Opposition in Delhi Assembly, Vijender Gupta on Monday said that a few Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) legislators cross-voted in favour of NDA's presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind. "A number of MLAs had already threatened to vote against the UPA candidate. Having realised the same, Kejriwal...asked them to vote as per their conscience," Gupta added.\r\nThe opposition Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) claimed on Monday that few Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) legislators cross-voted in favour of NDA candidate Ram Nath Kovind, which was a ?signal? to the upheaval in the Arvind Kejriwal-led party. Leader of opposition Vijender Gupta, who was the polling agent for Kovind, said that AAP MLAs were deeply ?anguished? with the stand taken by its top leadership. ?The party had always stood against the Congress. But the Presidential election brought the party in line with the Congress and United Progressive Alliance (UPA). A number of MLAs had already threatened to vote against the UPA candidate. Having realised the same, Kejriwal thought it would be better to give freedom to his MLAs and asked them to vote as per their conscience,? Gupta said after the polling closed. Soon after the voting started, BJP legislator OP Sharma claimed that ?at least 10-12 AAP legislators were likely to vote for the NDA candidate? and it will become clear after the votes are counted on July 20. Replying to a specific question over the BJP?s claims, Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal said, ?We are supporting Meira Kumar (opposition candidate) ? all should vote according to their conscience.?While BJP?s claims will be tested after the counting of votes, sacked AAP minister Kapil Mishra said he ?voted for the candidate who is all set to be the next president?. Gupta claimed that Kejriwal himself was annoyed with Congress and UPA leadership because they were never invited in the meetings to discuss the election. ?The UPA went to the extent of not nominating any polling agent for Meira Kumar in Delhi Vidhan Sabha,? he added.\r\nAs many as 16 private schools in Noida were sent notices for failing to initiate admission process for underprivileged children under the Right to Education Act. The notices were sent based on complaints that schools had been demanding money for admission and were denying admissions. Under RTE, private schools are mandated to offer 25% seats to underprivileged children for free. \r\nThe education department of the district administration has issued a notice to 16 schools for failing to initiate the admission process for underprivileged children, under the Right To Education (RTE) Act.The list comprises renowned schools such as Cambridge School, Kothari International School, Modern Public School, Millennium School, Apeejay Public School, Shiv Nadar School and Delhi Public School.Under Section 12 (1) G of the Right to Education Act, 2009, all private schools must offer 25% of their seats to underprivileged children free of cost.Recently, in a meet held among officials of the CBSE, schools and district administration, the district magistrate BN Singh had asked schools to fill their quota of 25% under RTE. Singh had also provided a list of 1,493 children to the schools who were awaiting admission. The list was ascertained after an offline and online draw was organised by the administration.However, according to the district basic education officer, MP Verma, many schools have not started the process of admitting underprivileged children under RTE.?We have received complaints that many schools were demanding money for admission under RTE and that many were also denying admission. We have decided to take strict action against these schools and have given them a final warning asking them to enrol the kids as soon as possible,? said Verma.The schools have been given a two-day window to initiate the admission process. ?If the schools are still adamant on not admitting the kids, then we will take action. A fine of Rs1 lakh will be levied on them and we will write a letter recommending the cancellation of their licence,? said Verma.\r\n1993 Mumbai serial blasts convict Abu Salem on Monday moved a plea before a Mumbai court seeking temporary bail to get married, reports said. In his application, Salem cited examples of convicts who have been granted bail to get married. The trial court judge has asked the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to file its response to Salem's petition. \r\nGangster Abu Salem, convicted last month in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, moved a plea on Monday seeking parole or temporary bail for marriage. Two years before, a woman had moved a plea before the TADA court seeking its permission to get married to the gangster .The woman had in June 2015 approached the court to allow her to marry Salem after it was reported that Salem had married her ?over the phone? during a train journey when he was being taken to Lucknow for a court hearing under police escort.The application has been since pending before the TADA court hearing the case of 1993 Mumbai blasts case where Salem was recently convicted.Read: 1993 Mumbai serial blasts: Why Abu Salem is likely to escape capital punishmentOn Monday, Salem moved an application through his lawyer Farhana Shah that he may be allowed to attend the officer of the registrar to marry the woman. Salem, in his application, attached judgements of the apex court citing examples in which the accused were allowed to marry. The court has asked CBI to file a reply on the plea.?We have given the court two citations -- one from the Bombay High Court and another from the Delhi High Court -- stating that a person can be granted bail or parole for marriage,? said Shah.The TADA court in Mumbai had convicted Salem and five others in June for their role in the serial bomb blasts of March 12, 1993 in which 257 people were killed.The CBI had earlier this month sought life imprisonment for Salem, convicted under stringent sections of the now-repealed TADA (Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act in the bomb blast case. (With PTI inputs)\r\nThe Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has ordered 70 buildings in Mumbai to reduce their height within 60 days. This comes after the buildings in Vile Parle, Santacruz and Ghatkopar were classified as 'obstacles' in flight paths. The DGCA initiated action after a Bombay High Court order took serious note of violations of height norms by private developers.\r\nFlat buyers who will lose their homes following  the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) order to reduce the height of 70 buildings in the flight path of aircraft said they were being made scapegoats by the authorities. They said on Monday that they had bought the apartments legally and blamed officials for not checking the rules while approving construction plans.  Some of these structures were built around 50 years ago. Jagdish Desai, secretary, Forum for Improving the Quality of Life in Suburbs, said the move was ill-advised. ?These people have used their life savings to buy these apartments and now they are being told that their houses are illegal. Residents are bearing the brunt of the mistakes authorities committed,? said Desai.The 70 buildings are located in Vile Parle, Ghatkopar and Santacruz. A survey conducted by the Mumbai International Airport Ltd and the Airport Authority of India between 2010 and 2011 identified 137 structures and classified them as obstacles.A resident of one of the affected buildings at Santacruz said most of the residents in these buildings are senior citizens. ?We bought the apartment in 1977 and after 40 years, we are being told that our house will be demolished. Imagine our shock on realising that we soon might not have a roof over our heads,? said the resident, who requested not to be named. Even those who live on lower floors are worried. ?Our entire building will be damaged if we demolish even one floor,? said a ground-floor resident of a Ghatkopar building affected by the order. The DGCA initiated action based on a Bombay high court order which took serious note of the violations. The court said after finding rampant violations of height norms by private developers, the authorities could not sit back ?waiting for an accident to take place?. The bench was hearing a petition filed by activist Yashwant Shenoy seeking action against all such structures around the airport that are in violation of the height norms.\r\nThe Dombivli Industries Association and the Dombivli, Ambernath, and Ulhasnagar municipal bodies will have to pay ?96 crore for polluting the Ulhas river in Thane. The Supreme Court has passed an order vacating an earlier High Court judgement which had put on hold a National Green Tribunal's order asking the bodies to pay the fine to restore the river.\r\nTwo municipal bodies and an association of industries will have to pay Rs96 crore for polluting the Ulhas River in Thane, after the Supreme Court vacated a Bombay high court order that had put on hold the penalty.On July 5, the SC passed an order staying the HC judgement, which had put on hold a 2015 National Green Tribunal (NGT) order. The NGT had asked the municipal bodies and association to pay the fine. The SC order, which was made public on Monday, effectively stays all previous orders of the HC in this matter.The SC said the civic bodies and the industries have the option of either filing a review in the NGT or taking the matter to the SC itself, within three weeks.In July 2015, the western bench of the NGT had passed a judgement indicting the Dombivli Industries Association (DBESA), Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation, Ambernath Municipal Council and the Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation of polluting the Ulhas River with untreated effluents and raw sewage. The judgment imposed a penalty of Rs96 crore to restore the river and ordered that a time-bound revival plan be put in place.READ:  Unfazed by censure, Maharashtra?s polluting factories make its rivers filthiest in IndiaThe matter came to light three years earlier in 2012, when NGO Vanashakti filed a petition with the NGT, asking it to direct the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board to shut polluting industries discharging untreated waste into the Ulhas River, as it violates environment rules. Following the NGT order in July 2015, the government agencies moved the HC, which stayed the tribunal?s order of depositing the amount, and constituted another committee above the one formed by the tribunal. The current SC order was in light of a special leave petition filed by Vanashakti in the SC, challenging the HC?s decision. ?We find no reasonable ground to entertain such apprehension (by the HC),? read the order by the SC bench of justice Arun Mishra and justice Amitava Roy. ?The impugned order is set aside... The appeals stand disposed of.??We are relieved that years of hard work have not gone down the drain and we are deeply thankful to the SC for intervening,? said Stalin D, director, Vanashakti. ?The judicial delays were giving polluters a long rope and destroying the river. The pollution control boards failed their duty, and it led to a pristine river becoming polluted.? A senior official from Ulhasnagar corporation said government agencies will approach SC. ?We will ask for relief from penalty as we have begun restoring the river and a revival plan is in place,? he said\r\nA police station in Uttar Pradesh's Ghaziabad district allegedly kept a stabbed teenager waiting while the victim was bleeding for 20 minutes before sending him to a hospital. A probe has been ordered against the police officials after a video of the incident surfaced on social media. The boy was reportedly stabbed while resisting an attempt to snatch his phone. \r\nUttar Pradesh police have launched a probe against officials at the Vijay Nagar police station in Ghaziabad after a widely shared video of their alleged laxity and inhumane behaviour in dealing with a profusely bleeding teen stab victim before sending him to a hospital.Fourteen-year-old Qadir from Vijay Nagar had reached the police station around 11 am on Friday with a stab wound on his hand. The disturbing images showed that the boy roamed around at the police station complex in pain and blood running down his body as he covered his grievous injury with his shirt to stop the bleeding.However, the policemen kept him waiting for nearly 20 minutes and remained busy with their documentation and did not show up any urgency to rush him to a hospital.?I was speaking on my mobile and some neighbours arrived who snatched my phone. I resisted and one of them stabbed me,? Qadir said.The video of the boy bleeding heavily and roaming inside the police station was shot by local man and was soon widely shared on social media.#Ghaziabad: Injured minor boy roaming around at Vijay Nagar police station, seeking police help on July 14 @htTweets pic.twitter.com/rUccxHDtxf? Peeyush Khandelwal (@journopk) July 15, 2017#Ghaziabad: Police behavior of Vijay Nagar personnel with injured boy and his mother as they are sent to hospital on July 14 @httweets pic.twitter.com/FdHjr2bq4y? Peeyush Khandelwal (@journopk) July 15, 2017Later, the boy and his mother, who was also injured, were rudely packed off in an auto rickshaw to the hospital. One of the constables on duty handed her the documents and said, ?Pakdo is, chal... (hold this and move),? and told the auto driver to take them away and he will be reaching soon.The station house officer (SHO) said that a case was registered against the attacker and legal proceedings are underway.Senior police officials on Saturday took cognizance of the videos and said that they have initiated an inquiry into the behaviour of the personnel at the Vijay Nagar station.?We have set up an inquiry into the incident. Actually, the officials were busy preparing the documentation which is to be sent to the hospital for medical examination. But the officials were expected to have shown proper behaviour and should have attended to the injured boy. We will fix up the responsibility of the officials after the inquiry,? said Manisha Singh, circle officer (city I).\r\nBJP leader Sushil Modi on Tuesday said that he had proof that Bihar Deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav had acquired at least 13 benami properties after growing a 'moustache and beard'. This comes after Yadav had earlier denied corruption charges against him claiming that he didn't even have a 'moustache' when the alleged land-for-hotels deals took place in 2005. \r\nPATNAAt 26,\xa0Bihar deputy chief minister Tejashwi Prasad Yadav owns as many property as his age ? all hidden from public gaze.That?s what senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi claimed on Tuesday with ?documented proof?, even as the JD(U) and the RJD attempted a political compromise after taking the Grand Alliance to the edge of a political precipice over CBI charges against the deputy CM, said to be a prime beneficiary of a hotel for land deal going back to the days when his father and RJD chief was railway minister.Post the CBI FIR, which involves Tejashwi, 26, directly to the ownership of a mall on the outskirts of Patna ? said to be a sweetener ?paid? by the hotel owners to Lalu Prasad for awarding rights to two railway hotels ? the fresh allegations came as a counter to the compromise that the RJD dictated by directing Tejashwi to meet chief minister and explain his stand. The JD(U) had demanded that Tejashwi come clean, or resign even as the RJD had maintained that he had ?done no wrong? and ?he would not?.However, the fresh BJP charges, earlier in the day, added to the worries and may have prompted the RJD?s climbdown to some extent.Modi, who has been going hammer and tongs at Lalu & family for over a hundred days, claimed on Tuesday, that Tejashwi became the owner of 13 immovable assets while he was still a minor, and 13 properties when he was a full grown adult.?I have proof that while the first 13 properties were transferred in his name when he was not yet 13, the rest came when had already grown a ?moustache and beard?, which makes him culpable,? Modi said.Modi?s refernce to the ?moustache and beard? was an answer to Tejashwi, who had tried to stave off media queries last week  on the issue of the JD(U)?s call for his resignation, saying, ?Can a boy who was yet to sport a moustache be involved in a scam??Handing over a list of the assets acquired by the deputy CM to the media, Modi dared Tejashwi to make it public as to how he came to be owner of the properties, while he was not into any known business.\xa0Contesting the assertion by Tejashwi that BJP was implicating him for his recent troubles, Modi said Tejashwi was fully adult (23 years old), when he became the owner of Delight Marketing Private Ltd (DMPL) with its assets.?Not only that, Tejashwi Prasad Yadav was deputy chief minister of Bihar when he signed an agreement on May 5, 2016 with a private company to develop a mall on three acres of land owned by the DMPL at Patna?s Saguna Mor,? he added.\xa0?In fact, Tejashwi became the owner of shell companies like DMPL, AB Exports and AK Infosystem through which he acquired properties in Patna and Delhi, while he was an adult and had attained the age of 23,? said Modi, while talking to mediapersons on the sidelines of his ? Janata Durbar? here on Tuesday.\xa0The BJP leader said, of the 26 properties Tejashwi owned, 13 were acquired through shell companies, while the rest he got through registration. ?Even if he was a minor, he could have said no to the gifts (immoveable properties), which were given to him,? said Modi, who had worked as deputy chief minister in the NDA government led by chief minister Nitish Kumar.\xa0Modi said of the 26 properties, the income-tax department has declared 13 assets as ?benami? and attached them provisionally. ?The CBI has lodged an FIR against Tejashwi and seven others under various sections of the IPC and Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988,? he said, adding that the case must not be taken lightly as the central agency files an FIR only after ascertaining that the complaints were prima facie true.\xa0He hoped that in view of the serious nature of offences committed by his deputy, CM Nitish Kumar would definitely seek resignation from him or expel him from his cabinet. ?The chief minister has set a benchmark on the issue of corruption and he, it is hoped,  would not compromise with his principles,? Modi said, adding, ?I also appeal to the deputy CM to resign before he is expelled from the cabinet.?\xa0He reiterated that owing to the political impasse caused by Tejashwi?s refusal to resign, Bihar?s governance has been hard hit and the situation would further worsen if the deadlock continues.\xa0When asked why the Narendra Modi government was not taking action against the cases of benami property elsewhere in the country, the senior opposition leader said the central government had already identified 400 benami assets across the nations and initiated action against the owners.\xa0 ==============================================BLURBsModi, who has been going hammer and tongs at Lalu & family for over a hundred days, claimed on Tuesday, that Tejashwi became the owner of 13 immovable assets while he was still a minor, and 13 properties when he was a full grown adultThe fresh BJP charges, earlier in the day, added to the worries and may have prompted the RJD?s climbdown to some extent\r\nTwo Peruvian brothers were reportedly set on fire by fishermen in Chile in an attack that was reportedly triggered by competition between seaweed collectors. The attack comes amid an increase in racial discrimination in Chile against immigrants who arrive mainly from other Latin American and Caribbean countries. The victims suffered second and third-degree burns over half their bodies.\r\nTwo Peruvian brothers are recovering in hospital in the Chilean city of Antofagasta after being doused with petrol and set alight by a mob of Chilean fishermen in the port city of Tocopilla. Juan Jim\xe9nez Ninaja and Jos\xe9 D\xedaz Ninaja were left with second- and third-degree burns to over half their bodies after the attack. The two brothers had collected seaweed in the region for five years, helping to supply a multimillion-dollar aquaculture export industry. Mainly shipped to Japan, China and France, the plants are used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as well as being eaten. The incident took place amid an increasingly heated debate over the recent surge in migration to Chile, mainly from other Latin American and Caribbean countries, and growing racial tensions in the Antofagasta region. According to Elizabeth Andrade, a Peruvian social worker and one of the leaders of a migrant squatter camp in the city of Antofagasta, the attack was triggered by competition between seaweed collectors. The brothers had received threats over the last few months and were in the process of clearing out their hut to leave Tocopilla when they were set upon, Andrade said. In recent years, 64 camps have sprung up around the city of Antofagasta. The camps? occupants receive some support from local authorities in terms of security and access to healthcare and education, while pro-migrant Chilean NGOs have also been working with the migrants to improve living conditions. Andrade said the local press bore some responsibility for fanning resentment against immigrants, by exaggerating the number of foreigners involved in criminal activities and calling for the expulsion of all immigrants. ?It?s really difficult for migrants to adapt to Chilean society, as well as for Chileans to live alongside so many foreigners ? they?re not used to it. But in the last couple of years there?s been a real surge in racial discrimination,? she said.Migrants? rights activists say that the incident underlines the urgent need for new legislation to replace outdated immigration law imposed by the Pinochet dictatorship in 1975, along with well-planned policies to deal with the recent surge in migration to Chile.\r\nThe Bank of England on Tuesday unveiled a new polymer \xa310 note featuring 19th century novelist Jane Austen, in a move to replace paper \xa35, \xa310 and \xa320 with secure plastic notes. This makes Austen the only woman other than Queen Elizabeth to be featured on a polymer British banknote. The note's introduction marks the 200th anniversary of Austen's death.\r\nThe new \xa310 note featuring Jane Austen has been unveiled on the 200th anniversary of the author?s death, complete with a quote about reading ? said by one of her characters who has no interest in books. Austen becomes the first female writer (following in the footsteps of William Shakespeare and Charles Dickens) to feature on a banknote.The note, launched by the Bank of England at Austen?s resting place, Winchester Cathedral, includes an image of the writer and one of her most beloved characters, Elizabeth Bennet. There are also illustrations of her writing table and her brother Edward Austen Knight?s home, Godmersham Park in Kent, thought to be a source of inspiration. But it is the quote that will raise eyebrows among Austen enthusiasts. At first glance the line from Pride and Prejudice ? ?I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading!? ? seems a good choice. However, the words were spoken by one of Austen?s most deceitful characters, Caroline Bingley, who has no interest in books. She is sidling up to Mr Darcy, whom she would like as a husband. He is reading a book, so she sits next to him and pretends to read alongside him. Speaking at Winchester Cathedral, the Bank of England?s governor, Mark Carney, explained why Austen was chosen ? and the technical aspects of the notes.  He said: ?Our banknotes serve as repositories of the country?s collective memory, promoting awareness of the United Kingdom?s glorious history and highlighting the contributions of its greatest citizens. ?Austen?s novels have a universal appeal and speak as powerfully today as they did when they were first published.? Turning to practical matters, he said: ?The new \xa310 will be printed on polymer, making it safer, stronger and cleaner. The note will also include a new tactile feature on the \xa310 to help the visually impaired, ensuring the nation?s money is as inclusive as possible.? It joins the Churchill \xa35 in the first family of polymer UK banknotes; a \xa320 note featuring JMW Turner will follow in 2020. The \xa310 note has security features that the Bank says make it very difficult to counterfeit. It is expected to last at least two-and-a-half times longer than paper \xa310 notes ? about five years in total.  The new tactile feature is a series of raised dots in the top left-hand corner, developed in conjunction with the RNIB, the charity that supports people with sight loss. This is in addition to the elements already incorporated in UK banknotes for visually impaired people: the tiered sizing, bold numerals, raised print and differing colour palettes.Austen fans will have to wait until later this year before they can begin to use the notes. They will be issued on 14 September and the public will begin to see them in the following days and weeks. The Bank hopes featuring Austen will help it counter accusations of sexism for not featuring more women on notes. The author follows Florence Nightingale and Elizabeth Fry in featuring on notes.Tuesday?s banknote launch is one of a series of events taking place to mark the 200th anniversary of Austen?s death, including the unveiling of a statue in Basingstoke, near her birthplace. Austen, who wrote keenly about money, might have been interested in research from Aviva claiming that the \xa310 pound note has a relative purchasing power of only 13p compared with what it could buy in 1817.\r\nIslamic preacher Zakir Naik's passport was revoked on Tuesday by the Regional Passport Office of Mumbai. The travel document was revoked after he failed to respond to a show cause notice that directed him to appear in person by July 13. Naik is wanted by the National Investigation Agency on charges related to terrorism and money laundering.\r\nThe passport of controversial Islamic preacher Zakir Naik, wanted in connection with alleged terror funding cases, was on Tuesday revoked at the request of the National Investigation Agency (NIA), officials said.The officials of the probe agency said the travel document was revoked by the Regional Passport Office of Mumbai after 51-year-old Naik failed to respond to a showcause notice issued to him for personal appearance by July 13.The notice was served asking Naik why his passport should not be revoked in view of various investigations pending against him, they said.He is being probed for terror and money laundering charges by the NIA. He fled from India on July 1, 2016 after terrorists in neighbouring Bangladesh claimed that they were inspired by his speeches on waging jihad.According to ?Middle East Monitor?, an online news portal on developments in Middle East, Naik has already been granted citizenship of Saudi Arabia. There was no independent verification to this so far.Naik had his passport renewed in January last year and it has a validity for 10 years.The NIA, on November 18, 2016, had registered a criminal case against Naik at its Mumbai branch under various sections of Indian Penal Code and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.His organisation, Islamic Research Foundation (IRF), has already been declared as an unlawful association by the government a day prior to registering of the case.The controversial preacher is accused of spreading hatred by his provocative speeches, funding terrorists and laundering several crores of rupees over the years.The sources could not give the exact country where Naik could be at present and said that he may be changing his base quite frequently after the NIA moved the Interpol for issuance of a Red Corner Notice (RCN), international arrest warrant, against him.The Interpol was approached against Naik after a year- long probe during which the NIA gathered evidence of his IRF and Peace TV being used to allegedly promote hatred between different religious groups.The central government has already banned his NGO and taken his TV channel off air. During the probe, the NIA claimed to have found 37 properties owned by Naik and companies run by him, which are estimated to be worth more than Rs 100 crore.A special NIA court in Mumbai, while issuing a non- bailable warrant against Naik, had said that ?there are reasonable grounds to believe that Naik is evading arrest and that he will not voluntarily appear before the court or before the agency.?The NIA alleged that Naik has been promoting enmity and hatred between different religious groups in India through his speeches and lectures on various platforms and inciting Muslim youths and terrorists in India and abroad to commit terrorist acts. \r\nUK's first woman Sikh MP Preet Kaur Gill has been elected to the Home Affairs Select Committee in the country's Parliament. Gill, who was also chosen to head the All Party Parliamentary Group for British Sikhs, said that the "Parliament must reflect the people it serves". The Labour MP had won from the Edgbaston seat in last month's general elections.\r\nBy Aditi Khanna London, Jul 18 (PTI) Britains first woman Sikh MP has been elected to an influential cross-party panel in the UK Parliament that examines the workings of the Home Office. Preet Kaur Gill, who won the Edgbaston seat for the Labour party in the June 8 snap general election, was elected to the Home Affairs Select Committee in the UK Parliament. "We had no Sikh MPs prior to this election. So, Sikhs had no representation, and we had no female Sikh representation. Parliament must reflect the people it serves,? said the 44- year-old, who will join 10 other British MPs on the committee. The House of Commons Home Affairs Select Committee was chaired by Keith Vaz, Britains longest-serving Indian-origin MP, until he stepped down from the post last year. Its newly-elected chair is Labour party MP Yvette Cooper, elected unopposed to the post last week. The Committee chooses its own subjects of inquiry and seeks written and oral evidence from a wide range of relevant groups and individuals. At the end of an inquiry, the committee often produces a report setting out its findings and making recommendations to the UK government. It is incumbent upon the government to respond to each of the report?s recommendations within two months of publication. Gill has also been chosen to lead the All Party Parliamentary Group (APPG) for British Sikhs. "The APPG has made an excellent start this week...we are confident Preet will make an excellent chair to guide the APPG to make concrete progress on some of the key issues of importance to the Sikh community," said Bhai Amrik Singh, chair of Sikh Federation (UK). Meanwhile, a veteran Indian-origin Labour MP, Virendra Sharma, was re-elected chair of the Indo-British All Party Parliamentary Group (APPG). The 70-year-old, who has been the Chair of the group for seven years and prides himself as the only first-generation member of the Indian Diaspora in the House of Commons, was unanimously re-elected by the cross-party meeting of members of both Houses of Parliament this week. \r\nTiger Shroff, who was criticised for referring to his co-stars as "padding", said that he made the remark very casually, while adding, "It's so funny how using one wrong word can screw up your career." Tiger further said that he is not a sexist or racist person. He added, "I don't get under people's skin or pick up unnecessary fights."\r\nTiger Shroff has stayed away from any negative stories around him, ever since he started his career in Bollywood  in 2014. However, the actor?s recent comment, where he allegedly referred to his Student of the Year 2 co-stars as ?padding?, didn?t go down well with people and he was trolled on social media.Although Tiger did clarify his stance on this, talking to us recently, he again picked on the subject and shared his views. ?I don?t understand why people these days overreact unnecessarily on everything that an actor says. I used ?padding? so casually and got badly scr**ed. It?s so funny how using one wrong word can screw up your career,? says Tiger.    Hope you are ready to hit the streets, #DingDang will be out today at 4:30 pm you can also watch it exclusively on @eros_now :) #MunnaMichael @nidhhiagerwal @sabbir24x7 @vikirajani @filmsnextgen A post shared by Tiger Shroff (@tigerjackieshroff) on Jun 18, 2017 at 11:03pm PDT The 27-year-old, who is in Delhi to promote his next film, Munna Michael, was at his composed best throughout the interview but got visibly upset when he recalled the recent backlash that he faced. ?I mean, come on! I am not a sexist or a racist or anything like that. I don?t get under people?s skin or pick up unnecessary fights. Everyone knows the kind of person I am,? says Tiger, adding that his statement was highly misunderstood.The actor maintains that nowhere in his comments he meant to demean his female co-stars. ?I know the question was asked in context of my co-stars but my answer was taken in a different context. I just want to prove that journalist wrong. If you ask me, I might be a padding for the girls and I might help them and they might help me. I never meant that they?re mere props on set,? says Tiger.    Take number 24....body slowed down...got weaker...but thinking about the king kept me going. #beparwah #bts #munnamichael #21st A post shared by Tiger Shroff (@tigerjackieshroff) on Jul 13, 2017 at 10:46pm PDT Explaining what he meant, he adds, ?What I meant by ?padding? was that directors and producers pad-up ? provide a cushion and package a film. Casting Tiger Shroff may also be some sort of a padding, because even I have only that much to offer.? \r\nTwo monkeys strayed into the headquarters building of the North and South Delhi Municipal Corporations, triggering chaos among staff and security. NDMC Congress leader Mukesh Goel alleged negligence in security and demanded an inquiry into the incident. He also questioned the functioning of the veterinary department in controlling the population of stray animals.\r\nTwo monkeys strayed into the swanky, multi-storeyed headquarters building of the civic bodies on Monday, triggering panic and chaos for a while among the staff and security personnel.The 28-storey complex, built about a decade ago and spread over several blocks ? Civic Centre ? houses the headquarters of BJP-led North Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC) and South Delhi Municipal Corporation (SDMC).Leader of Congress in NDMC Mukesh Goel alleged negligence in security and held the authorities of the corporation responsible for the incident. He also demanded that an inquiry be made into it.?Security personnel are deputed at every nook and corner of the Civic Centre and despite that two monkeys were able to get inside ?A? block, which shows negligence of duty on their part. Every year, crores of rupees are spent on security by the corporation (NDMC) and despite that this incident took place,? Goel said.The monkeys had entered the second floor of ?A? Block, which also houses the office of Goel.Several offices and business establishments are also located in the towering building complex.?The monkeys scampered around the corridors for about 30 minutes as guards ran after them,? Goel said.He also questioned the functioning of the veterinary department of the corporation in controlling the population of stray dogs and animals in their jurisdiction.A senior NDMC official when contacted, however, tried to downplay the incident, saying, ?the monkeys may have entered as it was raining. They were shooed away as soon as possible?.Goel also brought to notice an old incident when a former deputy mayor of the then unified corporation had died after being attacked by a monkey.?The incident did not take place at the Civic Centre, but at his home when a monkey had attacked him and in the process he slipped off his balcony and suffered a fall that proved fatal,? the civic official said.?If civic authorities can?t keep the headquarters free from stray monkeys and dogs, how will they ensure the same in other areas,? Goel asked.The unified Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) was trifurcated in 2012 into NDMC, SDMC and EDMC. The headquarters of the East Corporation is in Patparganj. \r\nThe Union Home Ministry on Tuesday told the Parliament that there is a shortage of over 5 lakh police personnel from the authorised strength of over 22 lakh in the country. It also admitted that there are only 3,905 Indian Police Service (IPS) officers in service in place of the required 4,843 IPS officers.\r\nThere is a shortage of over 5 lakh police personnel in the country as compared to their overall sanctioned strength, the government told Parliament on Tuesday.The union home ministry, in a written reply to the Lok Sabha, also said that there are fewer Indian Police Service (IPS) officers in position across the country, than their authorised strength.?As on January 1, 2017, there are 3,905 IPS officers in position against an authorised strength of 4,843,? minister of state for home Hansraj G Ahir said.The minister said that according to the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPRD), as on January 1, 2016, against the authorised strength of 22,80,691, there are 17,31,666 police personnel in position.Ahir said about 150 officers are recruited every year in the IPS and the central government reviews the strength and composition of each state IPS cadre, ordinarily at the interval of every five years.?Since 2014, cadre review of 11 cadres has already been notified by the central government,? he said. \r\nAn engineer working for an electricity distribution company died in Delhi's Jaffarpur Kalan on Monday, after his car hit a tree while he was allegedly being chased by a mob during an anti-power theft raid. The company said its teams were chased by bike-borne goons and added that they had received a tip about large-scale power theft in the area.\r\nA BSES engineer died and four persons were injured today as their car rammed a tree while allegedly being chased by a mob during an anti-power theft drive in south west Delhi's Jaffarpur Kalan area, a BSES spokesperson said. The police, however, refuted the claim and said the engineer died in a suspected case of rash driving. According to the BSES spokesperson, three discom teams raided Jhul Jhuli village in Jaffarpur Kalan this afternoon following a tip-off about large-scale power theft in the area. The teams, accompanied by Delhi Police, came under attack and had to retreat, he said. "The teams were chased by bike-borne goons. In the ensuing melee, one of the cars rammed a tree. Assistant engineer Abhimanyu Singh (32) was grievously injured. He later died," he said. A senior police officer said the BSES teams were provided adequate police force for the raid which went "successfully". "Twenty six police personnel were accompanying the BSES teams. The anti power theft drive was successful. "One of the cars met with an accident. No one was being chased as per initial reports," said the officer. A case has been registered in the matter, he said, adding the four injured BSES team members have been admitted to a hospital. In June this year, a Delhi Police sub-inspector and three BSES employees were injured in stone-pelting by locals during an anti-power theft drive in outer Delhi's Ranhola area. ISOLATED INCIDENTS "These are not isolated incidents. Efforts of discom teams to check irregularities are often thwarted by law- defying people who function like organised gangs. Power theft has taken shape of an organised crime and active police support is needed to curb this menace," said the BSES spokesperson. Despite intensive efforts to reduce power theft, Jaffarpur continues to incur 60 per cent losses, he said. In the last five years, around 14,000 cases of power theft, having a connected load of around 33,000 KW, have been unearthed in the area, the spokesman added. Also Read:\r\nSecurity footage from a State Bank of India branch in Pathankot showed a naked man stealing the guard's shoes, two pressure cookers, and a pan, instead of money. He had entered the bank through a hole he dug. The manager said that the CCTV footage showed the man trying to break the locker but failing to do so.\r\nA burglary at a State Bank of India branch in Pathankot has left everyone befuddled after the thief made away with the guard?s shoes and some utensils, leaving the money untouched. The strange case of robbery occurred at the branch at Jugial, and was discovered when officials found a broad hole dug up near the rear wall of the bank.Security footage from CCTV cameras showed a naked man entering the bank through the hole dug by him at around 2:54 am  on Monday. He spent more than an hour at the bank before escaping the same way he came, taking with him a pair of shoes, two pressure cookers, and a pan.Regional manager Vipin Mittal, who lodged a complaint at the Shahpur Kandi police station, claimed that the CCTV footage showed the man trying to break the locker but in vain.Police are trying to identify the person using the footage. It is suspected that the man could be mentally challenged.\r\nThe Delhi government on Tuesday announced a 'merit cum means' scholarship for students from low and middle-income groups studying in state universities. The scheme has three categories based on the students' family income and will provide fee waivers up to 100%. However, students will need a minimum of 60% in the class they passed to qualify for the scheme. \r\nDelhi government on Tuesday launched ?merit cum means? scholarship scheme in the national capital, with an aim to benefit the students from poor and moderate means of income group.Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia, while making the announcement in New Delhi, said the scholarship scheme would be a fee waiver scheme for the needy students who pursue higher studies in any of the state universities of Delhi, namely GGS Indraprastha University, Delhi Technological University, Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology, Ambedkar University, Indira Gandhi Delhi Technological University for Women and Delhi Pharmaceutical Sciences and Research University (DPSRU).Sisodia, who also holds education portfolio, said that to avail the benefit of the scheme the students must have secured at least 60 per cent marks in the class he/she has passed.?The scheme has been divided in three slabs -- 100% fee waiver for category of students coming from a BPL family, 50% fee waiver for students from families with income upto Rs 2.5 lakh per annum and 25% fee waiver for students from families with income above Rs 2.5 lakh and not exceeding Rs 6 lakh per annum,? Sisodia told reporters.He added the scheme would be applicable to all students in any of the undergraduate courses.He also said that in case of SC/ST students, an additional 5% waiver in the fee would be given. ?It is a proud moment for the people of the national capital that Delhi will be the first state to provide fee waiver to students from families with income upto Rs 6 lakh per annum,? the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader said.He added that the scheme is expected to benefit about 20-25,000 students from poor and moderate means of income. The scheme has been framed under the framework of The Delhi Higher Education Aid Trust.The scheme would also be extended to the Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology (NSIT) as and when the institution becomes a state university.?AAP government is committed to ensure that no child is left behind in the higher education system for want of monitory resources. We have allocated a budget of Rs 10 crore for the academic year 2017-18 for this scheme,? Sisodia added.\r\nThe bodies of a Swiss couple who went missing 75 years ago have been found perfectly preserved in the Alps, reports said. A bottle, a book, and a watch were also found along with the bodies that were dressed in clothes dating back to World War II. DNA testing will be carried out to confirm their identities, reports added.\r\nThe frozen bodies of a Swiss couple who went missing 75 years ago in the Alps have been found on a shrinking glacier, Swiss media said on Tuesday.Marcelin and Francine Dumoulin, the parents of seven children, had gone to milk their cows in a meadow above Chandolin in the Valais canton on August 15, 1942.?We spent our whole lives looking for them, without stopping. We thought that we could give them the funeral they deserved one day,? their youngest daughter Marceline Udry-Dumoulin told the Lausanne daily Le Matin.?I can say that after 75 years of waiting this news gives me a deep sense of calm,? added the 79-year-old.In an overnight statement, Valais cantonal police said that two bodies bearing identity papers had been discovered last week by a worker on Tsanfleuron glacier near a ski lift above Les Diablerets resort at an altitude of 2,615 metres (8,600 feet).DNA testing would be carried out to confirm the identities of the couple.?The bodies were lying near each other. It was a man and a woman wearing clothing dating from the period of World War Two,? Bernhard Tschannen, director of Glacier 3000, told the paper.?They were perfectly preserved in the glacier and their belongings were intact.??We think they may have fallen into a crevasse where they stayed for decades. As the glacier receded, it gave up their bodies,? he told the daily Tribune de Geneve.Marcelin Dumoulin, 40, was a shoemaker, while Francine, 37, was a teacher. They left five sons and two daughters. ?It was the first time my mother went with him on such an excursion. She was always pregnant and couldn?t climb in the difficult conditions of a glacier,? Udry-Dumoulin said. ?After a while, we children were separated and placed in families. I was lucky to stay with my aunt,? she said. ?We all lived in the region but became strangers.??For the funeral, I won?t wear black. I think that white would be more appropriate. It represents hope, which I never lost.?\r\nOn-demand video streaming service Netflix has registered over 10 crore (100 million) subscribers worldwide with over 40 lakh subscriptions received outside the US in the past three months. "Our streaming membership grew more than expected, from 99 million to 104 million, due to our amazing content," said Netflix CEO Reed Hastings. Netflix is currently available in over 190 countries.\r\nThe remarkable change in the way the world watches TV has been underlined by new data from Netflix showing that more than 100 million people worldwide now subscribe to the streaming service.The company - which is now valued at $78bn (\xa360bn), making it worth almost nine times as much as the UK?s ITV and1.5 times bigger then Rupert Murdoch?s 21st Century Fox - added 5.2 milllion subscribers in the second quarter.It was a far bigger number than Wall Street had expected and this is traditionally Netflix?s slowest time of the year: over the past five years it has averaged growth of less than 2 million in the spring months.Most of the growth ? more than 4 million of the new users ? came from international subscribers lured by Netflix?s combination of new shows such as The Crown and Stranger Things, while stalwarts House of Cards and Orange is the New Black are continuing tofind new audiences.In the past two decades the company has transformed from a California-based mail order DVD outfit to a global digital giant that has transformed the way the public watch TV.The company?s share price climbed almost 10% to $180 a share in after-hours trading in New York on Monday, after the new subscriber numbers were revealed. By lunchtime on Wall Street on Tuesday they were up to $183.For founder Reed Hastings, the continued success of the business the soaring number of subscribers is continued proof that his vision of pick-and-mix TV on demand will replace traditional scheduled TV.?Creating a TV network is now as easy as creating an app, and investment is pouring into content production around the world,? he said in a letter to shareholders on Monday. ?We are all co-pioneers of internet TV and, together, we are replacing linear TV.?Netflix?s binge-watching model, which was at first seen as commercial suicide by most traditional broadcasters, is now aped by rivals. Such has been its cultural impact that it even spawned an expression to refer to relaxing and catching a show ? ?Netflix and chill? ? although it has since morphed into aeuphemism for sex.Growth is now being fuelled by growth outside its home market. The boom in international growth followed the expansion of the service into 130 countries last year. More than 52 million of its 104 million subscribers now come from outside the US and only a handful of countries ? including North Korea, China and Syria ? do not have the service.Netflix doesn?t provide detailed statistics by country, but Ampere Analysis reckons there are 6.4 million UKsubscribers compared with about 5 million for Amazon Prime Video.Hastings described the growth as a ?good quarter? and said it was the result of ?our amazing content?. The firms popularity has pushed it into an elite club of go-go internet stocks, which have been recording breakneck growth, known as the ?Fangs?.The ?big four? tech and media giants - Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google ? are valued on Wall Street at more than $1.5tn. Netflix has seen its share price rocket 64% over the past year ? it is worth almost four times as much as Sky ? but it still only ranks as the minnow of the group.Hastings said the company intends to invest even more in content, even though it is already pouring $6.6bn into making and acquiring TV shows and films this year. Currently nearly $16bn is due to be poured into production over the next five years.So far this huge investment has fuelled a Netflix hit machine. It has doubled its haul of Emmy nominations this year, securing 91 compared with 54 last year, for 27 titles including The Crown, Stranger Things and Master of None.Only HBO, on which Netflix has based its model, fared better, with 111 nominations. HBO spends about $2bn annually on content, and Amazon about $4.5bn, according to unofficial analyst estimates.Netflix famously refuses to reveal figures on how popular, or not, its shows are. Ampere Analysis has produced a report looking at the most cost-effective shows on Netflix by looking at programme budgets cross-referenced with popularity ratings on IMDB, to give a proxy for probable viewing.According to that data the most cost-effective shows for Netflix ? or the best value in terms of spend versus viewing ? were 1980s sci-fi drama Stranger Things, teen suicide drama 13 Reasons Why, Narcos, and Marvel series such as Jessica Jones, Daredevil and Luke Cage. House of Cards and Orange is the New Black also ranked highly.However, the hit machine also has misses. Recently, Netflix has culled a slew of underperforming shows to better balance viewer interest with climbing programme costs.Ampere says the least cost-effective shows are led by the $9m-per-episode Marco Polo, which was cancelled after two seasons and reportedly resulted in a $200m loss. Another was Baz Luhrmann?s The Get Down, which had a budget of up to $16m an episode, which was cancelled after one season. Other misses have included high-concept sci-fi series Sense8, Hemlock Grove and Girlboss.Hastings conceded there is furious competition between Netflix and other subscription on-demand TV services, from digital rivals such as Amazon and Hulu to traditional broadcasters such as Sky and the BBC. But he insisted his company was not killing their businesses.?It seems our growth just expands the market,? he said. ?The largely exclusive nature of each service?s content means that we are not direct substitutes for each other, but rather complements.?Market capitalisation of major media brandsApple $786bnAmazon $483bnDisney $163bnNetflix $78bn21st Century Fox $50.8bnSky $21bnSnap (Snapchat owner) $17.7bnTwitter $14.8bnITV $9bn\r\nLahore High Court on Tuesday lifted a ban on the airing of Indian television serials in Pakistan. The court stated that "the world has become a global village" while questioning for how long such "unreasonable restrictions" could be imposed. The court noted that instead of a blanket ban, Indian content with "objectionable" or "anti-Pakistan" content could still be censored.\r\nA ban on airing Indian shows in Pakistan has been lifted by a Pakistani court. The said ban had been imposed by Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (PEMRA), following the Uri attacks last year. The blanket ban had been put in place last October.However, a Lahore high court recently objected to the ban saying that a ban on anti-Pakistan content is understandable, but a blanket ban is not needed.The court said that "the world has become a global village" and asked how long "unreasonable restrictions" can be imposed, Dawn reported.\xa0 \xa0\r\nUnion Minister Santosh Gangwar has said that over 36 lakh bank accounts witnessed cash deposits of ?10 lakh or more, in a financial year. However, Gangwar didn't specify the financial year of these deposits. Notably, I-T rules state banks must report cash deposits aggregating ?10 lakh or more in a financial year, in one or more accounts of a person. \r\nNew Delhi, Jul 18 (PTI) Over 36 lakh bank accounts have seen cash deposits of Rs 10 lakh or more in a financial year, Parliament was informed today. Rule 114E of the Income Tax Rules says banks, including cooperative banks, have to report to taxmen cash deposits aggregating to Rs 10 lakh or more in a financial year, in one or more accounts (other than a current account and time deposit) of a person. \r\nIrish company Primark has recalled thousands of pairs of men's flip-flops after discovering they contain a cancer-causing chemical. This is the third product recall Primark has issued this year and a full refund is being offered to all customers. However, a Primark spokesperson said, "At the levels found in the flip-flop...health and safety risk to customers is minimal."\r\nPrimark has recalled thousands of pairs of flip-flops after discovering they contain a chemical that can cause cancer.The high street chain is recalling three colours ? black, blue and khaki ? from its men?s Cedar Wood State flip-flop range and offering customers a full refund.A statement on the company?s website said: ?It has come to our attention that the footwear product detailed above does not meet the Primark usual high standards for chemical compliance.?We have found levels of a restricted substance in the product in excess of the 1.0 mg/kg requirement.? A Primark spokesman told the Guardian the chemical in question was chrysene, which is a regulated chemical commonly used in dark coloured dyes. Chrysene has been found to have a carcinogenic risk to humans and can cause cancer, reports Science Direct.However, a Primark spokesman said: ?At the levels found in the flip-flop, we believe the health and safety risk to customers is minimal.?The shoes were taken off the shelves on 2 June after being on sale since January.The problem was discovered by Primark when it followed up an inquiry by a third party, it has been reported. The company has suspended any outstanding orders from the factory which makes the flip-flops and an investigation has been launched. The spokesman said: ?We take the safety of our customers, and the quality of our products, very seriously, which is why we have chosen to recall three men?s flip-flops from our Cedar Wood State range. ?All new orders with this factory have been suspended while we carry out a thorough investigation. A full refund is being offered to all customers.?It is the third product recall Primark has issued this year. Earlier this year, Primark had to recall pairs of children?s leggings emblazoned with cats after it was discovered that small pink bows on the knees posed a potential choking hazard.In February, the company pulled a range of The Walking Dead T-shirts from its stores after complaints of racism from customers. The serial numbers of affected flip-flops are: Customers do not need to provide proof of purchase to get a refund.\r\nThe Kerala police on Monday questioned Congress MLA Anwar Sadath and CPI-M MLA-actor Mukesh in connection to the Malayalam actress abduction case. Anwar was asked about his connections with actor Dileep, who was arrested last week on charges of criminal conspiracy.  Mukesh was questioned by the police as Pulsar Suni, the prime accused, was his driver for a year.\r\nOver the last few months, the abduction and molestation case of a popular Malayalam actress has seen several twists and turns. It's been a week since Dileep was arrested on charges of criminal conspiracy and the actor has moved the Kerala High Court for a bail.On Monday, the Kerala police questioned Congress MLA Anwar Sadath of Aluva and CPI-M MLA-actor Mukesh in connection with the actress assault case.According to reports, Anwar Sadath was asked about his connections with actor Dileep. The investigation team also asked about his meetings with Dileep, foreign trips and phone calls. Anwar told the investigation team that he did not know Pulsar Suni, the prime accused in the case.On the other hand, actor-MLA Mukesh was questioned by the police team as Pulsar Suni was his driver for a year. Mukesh told the investigation team that he knew Suni very well. Suni also shared a warm relationship with his family. However, Mukesh fired Suni after he had problems with his behaviour and driving. Mukesh told the investigation team that he came to know about the incident through media reports.The case dates back to February 17 this year. ALSO READ: Kerala actress abduction case- HC accepts Dileep's bail plea, hearing on July 20ALSO READ: Kerala actress abduction case- Dileep's official website hacked?\r\nActress Bhumi Pednekar, who turned 28 on Tuesday, has said that she got a confirmation call for her debut film Dum Laga Ke Haisha on her 25th birthday. Bhumi added, "I didn't know how to react because I remember going back to sleep again. I was in shock I guess." Dum Laga Ke Haisha also starred Ayushmann Khurrana.\r\nBirthdays have always been special for Bhumi Pednekar, but the most memorable one was in 2014. That year, on July 18, she got the call for her maiden Bollywood film, Dum Laga Ke Haisha, which released in 2015. And the actor shares that she had taken leave from work that day, and was sleeping when her phone rang. ?I didn?t know how to react because I remember going back to sleep again. I?was in shock I guess (laughs). It was my mom and sister, who came from the other room and were very excited to tell me that I have bagged the role. They hugged me and got emotional,? recalls Bhumi. The film brought into spotlight and since then there has been no looking back.This year, Bhumi is looking forward to the release of two films, one with Akshay Kumar ?Toilet: Ek Prem Kath?and the other with Ayushmann Khurrana?Shubh Mangal Savdhan. Currently promoting the film with Akshay and dubbing for the other one, Bhumi says it will be a working birthday for her. However, she is expecting a surprise party from her friends.     Boss Girl ?? Throw back to the days of chokers and sari's ?? #toiletekpremkatha #tepk #tbt #BhumiXjaya A post shared by Bhumi Pednekar (@psbhumi) on Jul 5, 2017 at 11:16pm PDT?I feel like princess on my birthdays, thanks to my family and friends. They have always showered love on me and made each of my birthdays a memorable experience. This year too, I guess won?t be different. Also, like always I visit a temple to offer prayers, and celebrate the occasion with Rashid kaka (her close family friend) and his family,? says Bhumi, as she recalls one of her most cherished birthday gift.    The best love stories have known the greatest pain. Here's #LatthMaar for you ? @akshaykumar Link in bio A post shared by Bhumi Pednekar (@psbhumi) on Jul 11, 2017 at 7:41pm PDT?A few years ago, my parents gifted me a special heirloom piece of jewellery that belonged to my naani. They felt that I was responsible enough to own it now,? recalls Bhumi, who turns 28 this year. Ask her if turning old gives her any jitters, she adds, ?The day I turned 18, I was very upset. But I then I have just moved on and now, I have realised that age is just a number.?Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nThe Ladies Professional Golf Association has been criticised by former players for enforcing a dress code that bans plunging necklines, short skirts that reveal the "bottom area", leggings, among other attire. The LPGA said the new code was in place so that "players present themselves in a professional manner to reflect a positive image for the game."\r\nThe Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) has come in for stiff criticism after it introduced a new dress code that forbids female golfers from sporting plunging necklines, leggings or revealing skirts on the course.Initial reactions were overwhelmingly negative, with Teen Vogue accusing the governing body?s policy of ?slut-shaming? female players. The progressive and influential youth magazine also said the code sets players and women in general ?way back?. As of 17 July, the LPGA will crack down on athletic wear following a 2 July email to all players from LPGA player president Vicki Goetze-Ackerman, which detailed an extensive list of clothing that will no longer be allowed on course and at pro-am parties on the tour.Any transgression of the new code, as revealed in a report by Golf Digest, will result in a $1,000 fine for the first offence, with fines doubling for each subsequent breach. Items in the new code were expressed in the following dot points in Goetze-Ackerman?s email:Explaining the new code, Heather Daly-Donofrio, the LPGA tour?s communications and tour operations officer, told Golf Digest: ?The dress code requires players to present themselves in a professional manner to reflect a positive image for the game.? "Skirt, skort & shorts MUST be long enough to not see your bottom area" My Sunday school teacher, Sister Margaret, writing #LPGA dress code??While we typically evaluate our policies at the end of the year, based on input from our players, we recently made some minor adjustments to the policy to address some changing fashion trends. The specifics of the policy have been shared directly with the members.?Former European men?s tour player Matt Blackey was sceptical of the new regulations, tweeting ?I?m not sure a stricter dress code will help golf?s appeal,? while golf writer Robert Lusetich tweeted that his former Sunday school teacher must have been writing the code.\r\nThe Islamic State has lost its hold in Afghanistan following the death of its leader Abu Sayed in a US strike, according to the US Department of Defense. Adding that the leader's death has disrupted the terror group's plans to expand its operations in Afghanistan, the Pentagon estimated that the militants do not number more than 1,000.\r\nBy Lalit K Jha Washington, Jul 18 (PTI) The Islamic State Khorasan (ISIS-K) has lost its hold in Afghanistan, days after the terror groups head Abu Sayed, was killed by US troops in an airstrike, the Pentagon has said. The Pentagon now estimates that ISIS-K in Afghanistan numbers somewhere in the hundreds. "We dont think its over 1,000. They hold no meaningful territory in Nangarhar province. There are certainly fighters there but theyre mostly spending their time trying to stay alive," said Pentagon Spokesman Navy Capt Jeff Davis. During an off-camera news conference yesterday, Davis said the killing of ISIS-K leader Abu Sayed in a drone strike last week disrupted it?s expansion plans. "His death will further disrupt the groups plans to expand its operations in Afghanistan," he said, adding that this is the third time in the past year that US forces in Afghanistan have killed a sitting leader of ISIS-K. "Killed in a kinetic strike on July 11 in Kunar, Abu Syed was the overall ISIS-K Amir in Afghanistan for only six weeks, issuing operational guidance, financial management and acting as the primary decision-maker for operations with ISIS- throughout Afghanistan," he said. "His death comes not long after that of his predecessor, Sheikh Abdul Hasib, who was killed by US forces in a raid on April 26 in Achin, Nangarhar province as part of ongoing efforts to defeat ISIS-K in Afghanistan," he added. "ISIS threatens America and the west because of its commitment to plot, direct and inspire terrorist attacks and its ability to recruit, move and finance the terrorists who commit these attacks," he said, adding that the terrorists have been very clear in their propaganda magazine and other publications, that they want to recruit and attack globally. "ISIS-K called was formed in January 2015 as a despondent group of several Islamic extremist organizations, loosely organized and committed to supporting the radical ideals of the Islamic State," Davis said, adding that ISIS-K is committed to establishing an Afghan presence on behalf of ISIS and furthering ISIS Caliphate to the abolition of traditionally recognised sovereign borders. \r\nActress Rakhi Sawant, whose Instagram account has been deleted, has said, "My account has been hacked. I am very upset. One of my haters has done this." She further talked about how people think she is a slut whenever she posts on Instagram. "They have even bad mouthed my mom so many times. These things do affect me," added Rakhi.\r\nActor Rakhi Sawant Instagram account has been a source of entertainment to her fans.  Rakhi regularly uploads  a number of hilarious videos and posts. Users were  shocked to find out  that her page suddenly got deleted on Monday morning.  It turns out that she isn?t the one who has deleted her account. Rakhi, who has always spoken out her mind on various political issues on social media, claims that her Instagram account has been hacked by a hater. We  contacted Rakhi to find out what happened to her Instagram account that had more than 1 lakh followers. ?Mera Instagram account hack ho gaya hai. (My account has been hacked. I am very upset.  One of my haters have done this. This was a way I used to connect to my fans and so many stars including Salman Khan and Sohail Khan have told me that whenever they are depressed, they watch my videos for entertainment,? she says. The 38-year-old doesn?t plan to come back on Instagram any time soon because she feels that people have been humiliating her a lot on social media. ?Mein jab bhi koi post share karti hoon, log mujhe gandi galiyan dete hai. (Whenever I share a post, people use the filthiest abuses for me.) They think I am a slut. They have even bad mouthed my mom so many times. These things do affect me,? adds Rakhi. \r\nNawazuddin Siddiqui, while speaking about his tweet about being discriminated in the film industry on the basis of his skin colour, said it was just a reply to someone in the film industry. Nawazuddin further explained that his tweet was not directed towards the entire industry. "These things are there everywhere, not just in Bollywood," he added.\r\nBollywood actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui?s recent cryptic tweet created a furore as it hinted at him being discriminated in the film industry on the basis of his skin colour.He had tweeted, ?Thank U 4 making me realise dat I cannot b paired along wid d fair & handsome bcz I m dark & not good looking, but I never focus on that. (sic)?Thank U 4 making me realise dat I cannot b paired along wid d fair & handsome bcz I m dark & not good looking, but I never focus on that.? Nawazuddin Siddiqui (@Nawazuddin_S) July 17, 2017The 43-year-old, however, has now clarified that his tweet was just a reply. ?I tweeted what I felt. Someone had said something to me and that tweet is a reply to that,? he said during a press conference of Munna Michael. When asked if the whole industry is like that, the Raees star said, ?No, the industry is not like that. But that person belongs to the industry, whose reply I have given. I have been hearing that since childhood but still I am still here and the industry has accepted me. When I was young and I expressed my desire to become an actor, people around me said, ?Have you looked at yourself??. Even later, when I used to go to offices in Mumbai, everyone used to tell me that I don?t look like an actor. So these things are there everywhere, not just in Bollywood.?His co-star Tiger Shroff, while talking on the same issue, said, ?Nawaz sir has a huge fan following and wherever I go with him, female fans are more eager to meet the ?Gangs Of Wasseypur? star as they are crazy about him. It?s fascinating that women are crazy about Nawaz sir.? Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nM Venkaiah Naidu, the Vice Presidential candidate of NDA, on Tuesday, said that he no longer belongs to the BJP. "I am above any party now," he said, adding that he will "uphold the traditions and standards set by the worthy predecessors". He also said that the office of Vice President has been held by "illustrious people" like Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan.\r\nReaching out to parties across the political divide, National Democratic Alliance (NDA) vice presidential candidate M Venkaiah Naidu on Tuesday said he no longer belonged to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and will strengthen democratic institutions if elected.Naidu, who was flanked by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party veteran LK Advani when he filed his nomination in the parliament complex, said the candidature was an ?honour? for him and he will uphold the dignity of the office if elected.In a ?farewell? press conference soon after he filed his nomination, he expressed his gratitude to the prime minister and BJP chief Amit Shah as he played down reports that he was not very keen for the new responsibility.?The office of the vice president has been held by the illustrious people like Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, Zakir Hussain, M Hidayatullah, R Venkataraman, Shanker Dayal Sharma and Bhairon Singh Shekhawat... I am fully aware of the august responsibilities associated with the office. I would like to assure the people of the country that, on being elected, I will uphold the traditions and standards set by the worthy predecessors. I will uphold the dignity of the office of the vice president,? he told reporters.India?s beauty and strength lie in its parliamentary democratic system, Naidu said, adding that it will be his endeavour to strengthen this further.The former Union minister recalled his humble beginnings and likened the BJP to his mother.Having lost my mother at a very young age, I grew up with party workers and reached where I have due to the party?s support, Naidu said.?I am above any party now,? he added.Sources close to him said Naidu resigned from the cabinet on Monday night after his candidature was announced.He said he will continue as a member of the Rajya Sabha and cast his vote in the vice presidential poll next month.Naidu?s win is all but certain due to the NDA?s numerical superiority over opposition parties, which have fielded Gopalkrishna Gandhi as their nominee.Members of allies like TDP, Shiv Sena and LJP besides those of AIADMK and TRS, two parties outside the NDA fold but supporting Naidu?s candidature, were among the leaders who accompanied Naidu as he filed his nomination.Top leaders, including Modi, union ministers and allies like Ram Vilas Paswan, were among the proposers and seconders of his nomination.\r\nReplying to an RTI application, the Ministry of Home Affairs revealed that Jammu and Kashmir accounted for 49.5% of the total human rights violation complaints against the Indian Armed Forces between 2012 and 2016. The Ministry further stated that a total of 186 human rights violation complaints were received between these four years from J&K and six other states.\r\nJammu and Kashmir accounted for 49.5% of the human rights violation complaints against the armed forces between 2012 and 2016, revealed an RTI reply.Meanwhile, the state?s share in the monetary relief recommended was a mere three percent, it said.A total of 186 complaints were received between 2012 and January 2016 from seven states, said the Ministry of Home Affairs while replying to a RTI application.The other six states were Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura.The RTI reply was received by Venkatesh Nayak of the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative in April this year from the CPIO of the ministry.According to the reply, by January 2016 more than two-thirds of these complaints (127) are said to have been disposed of. The data does not indicate whether these complaints were found to be true or false.Also, more than 57% of the complaints from Assam are shown as pending.?J&K accounted for 49.5% of the human rights complaints received against the armed forces during this period (2012 to January 2016),? the reply said. ?A little more than 31% of the complaints were received from the people in Assam. Manipur accounted for a little more than 11% of the total number of complaints. Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya and Tripura accounted for less than 10 complaints each. Only one complaint was received from Nagaland during this period,? according to the reply.?About 40% of the complaints are clubbed under the category ?defence forces? without any detailing as to what kinds of complaints they are,? according to the ministry reply.?When the distinct categories of ?death in army encounter? and ?death in army firing? are added, the proportion of complaints received against the defence forces goes up to more than 61% of the total number of complaints received against all armed forces operating in the seven states,? Nayak said.The RTI response also says ten of these complaints relate to the crime of abduction and rape -- received from Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Jammu and Kashmir and Tripura. The data also shows that monetary relief to the tune of Rs 6.47 crore was recommended in 117 cases. ?It is not known whether this was ex-gratia relief granted or compensation awarded. Further, it is not known how many complainants or victims actually received the monetary relief and which government (Central or State) made the payments,? Nayak said.While Jammu and Kashmir accounted for almost 50 per cent of the complaints, its share in the monetary relief recommended was a mere three per cent at Rs 21 lakh, it was revealed.?Only five cases were found to be eligible for monetary relief in J&K. On the other hand, Assam, which accounted for less than a third of the complaints, received the largest proportion (48%) of monetary relief recommended by the government. In 57 cases from Assam, monetary relief was recommended to the tune of Rs 3.10 crore,? he explained.The second largest share of monetary relief was recommended for Manipur at Rs 2.28 crore in 38 cases followed by Arunachal, which accounted for only three complaints but monetary relief to the tune of Rs 36 lakh was recommended, according to the application.?Meghalaya and Tripura received recommendations of monetary relief to the tune of Rs 22 lakh against six and eight cases respectively. No monetary relief was recommended in the case of Nagaland in the lone complaint of abuse of power received in 2015-16 (up to January 2016),? he added.\r\nSuniel Shetty has said that after doing 126 films, one can't say that he has not been doing that many films while adding, "I did an overdose of cinema." Suniel further said, "I needed to take a break...to focus on my children. Athiya and Ahan's careers are more important to me." Suniel will complete 25 years in Bollywood this year.\r\nHis daughter Athiya made her film debut while son Ahan will soon step into Bollywood and actor Suniel Shetty has said that he is completely immersed in guiding his children in their respective careers now.Athiya will soon be seen with Arjun Kapoor and Anil Kapoor in Mubarakan.\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t(Instagram/AthiyaShetty)\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\tThe actor believes he has done enough films in his 25- year-old career and should now focus on his children?s future in Bollywood. ?I think after doing 126 movies, one can?t say I have not been doing that many films. I did an overdose of cinema. I needed to take a break. This is a period where I need to focus on my children. Athiya and Ahan?s careers are more important to me. I think I should take it easy and focus on them and share with them whatever I have learnt,? Shetty said.He has been away from the big screen for three years and will be next seen playing the antagonist in ?A Gentleman?, starring Sidharth Malhotra. ?I was away for three and half years and now I am back. I have a small but important role in it. I have also signed other projects,? says Shetty.    Happy birthday to my hero, my inspiration and undoubtedly the most beautiful soul. I love you Papaaaaaaaa?? Thank you for being my strength. #MyDaddyStrongest 5?5? @suniel.shetty A post shared by Athiya Shetty (@athiyashetty) on Aug 10, 2016 at 11:04pm PDT His daughter Athiya?s maiden film Hero, which featured another newcomer- Sooraj Pancholi, was not a blockbuster. But the actor says he is very proud of his daughter?s first effort in Bollywood. ?Two newcomers brought in Rs 37 crore at the box office. That is not bad at all. I am indebted to Salman Khan (the producer) and Nikhil Advani (director).?Athiya?s next film Mubarakan is releasing two years after her debut but Shetty has said he is not worried about the long gap between and appreciates Athiya?s patience and choice of movies. ?She has learnt to be patient. Her second film will release soon. She wants to do the best films. I am proud of the way she is going about her career.? Ahan will make his debut in Sajid Nadiadwala?s upcoming untitled production.Shetty was in the capital for the Super Boxing League. Follow @htshowbiz for more\r\nOn the occasion of Priyanka Chopra's 35th birthday, Abhishek Bachchan tweeted, "Happy birthday Chopps....Take a break, even if it's just for the day". "Happy birthday!! Onward and upward," wrote Jacqueline Fernandez. Riteish Deshmukh wrote, "Happy Birthday Dear...keep shining...have the brightest one". "Happy birthday @priyankachopra...a bigger person than a star!" tweeted filmmaker Sujoy Ghosh.\r\nPopular Bollywood celebrities like Abhishek Bachchan, Jacqueline Fernandez and Ritesh Deshmukh, among many others wished Priyanka Chopra on her 35th birthday on Tuesday.Priyanka -- an actor, singer and film producer -- won the Miss World 2000 pageant and has received numerous awards, including a National Film Award and five Filmfare Awards. In 2016, the government honoured her with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian honour.She made her Bollywood debut with The Hero: Love Story of a Spy in 2003 and was later seen Andaaz and Mujhse Shaadi Karogi, among other films. Priyanka was also lauded for her breakout role in the 2004 thriller Aitraaz. Later, she went on to appear in films like Don, Krrish, Fashion, Kaminey, 7 Khoon Maaf, Barfi!, Mary Kom, Dil Dhadakne Do and Bajirao Mastani. In 2015, she began starring as Alex Parrish in Quantico. She also ventured into Hollywood with Baywatch in 2017. Here is what Priyanka?s friends and co-workers from Bollywood wrote on Twitter on her birthday:Happy birthday Chopps @priyankachopra. Have a super year. Take a break, even if its just for the day. Much love.? Abhishek Bachchan (@juniorbachchan) July 18, 2017Happy happy birthday @priyankachopra!! Onward and upward ?? Jacqueline Fernandez (@Asli_Jacqueline) July 18, 2017Happy Birthday Dear @priyankachopra ...keep shining .. have the brightest one. Much Love?? pic.twitter.com/WF2V2OdQsU? Riteish Deshmukh (@Riteishd) July 18, 2017Happy Birthday @priyankachopra!!! Keep shining ??? big big hug and love.? Dia Mirza (@deespeak) July 18, 2017Happy Birthday to the Most Beautiful and Gorgeous... Pride of our Nation @priyankachopra.... Char Chirga Tere Balan Humesha.... pic.twitter.com/J3i9FRdvz5? King Mika Singh (@MikaSingh) July 17, 2017happy birthday @priyankachopra .. a bigger person than a star!? sujoy ghosh (@sujoy_g) July 18, 2017#HappyBirthdayPriyanka @priyankachopra Wishing you love, joy, health, happiness, success, the works! Only the best, for the best! Love ya!? VISHAL DADLANI (@VishalDadlani) July 17, 2017To the girl who was born to Shine...@priyankachopra Wish you a birthday that's even more brilliant than you are! Love ? pic.twitter.com/EnvWqnsRnZ? Shekhar Ravjiani (@ShekharRavjiani) July 18, 2017\r\nThe Centre has asked all the states to compulsorily file FIRs in all 'untoward incidents' happening in the name of cow protection, the Lok Sabha was informed on Tuesday. The Centre said that the responsibility to maintain law and order and preventing incidents of attacks on cattle traders, beef eaters, Muslims, Dalits and dairy farmers rests with the states.\r\nThe Centre has asked state governments to compulsorily register FIRs in all ?untoward incidents? happening in the name of cow protection, the Lok Sabha was informed on Tuesday.Minister of state for home Hansraj Ahir said the responsibility to maintain law and order, protect life and property and incidents of attacks on cattle traders, beef eaters, Muslims, Dalits and dairy farmers rests primarily with the state governments.An advisory with regard to untoward incidents over cattle, disturbance of law and order by miscreants in the name of cow protection, compulsory registration of an FIR for cognisable offences irrespective of territorial jurisdiction, and making available a copy of the FIR has been issued to states/UTs, he said replying to a written question.Prime Minister Narendra Modi had on Sunday sought to put the onus for checking cow vigilantism on state governments, insisting that they take ?stringent action against anti-social elements?.The prime minister also sought the support of opposition parties in tackling ?communal violence? in the name of cow protection, and deprecated attempts at giving a political or communal colour to the issue. \r\nNITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant has said the government has scrapped around 1,200 complex laws for easy registration of startups to encourage entrepreneurs. "Today one can register a company in a day and for an MSME, it takes around five minutes to register," he added. Kant also explained that entrepreneurship has to be promoted to create wealth in India.\r\nNew Delhi, Jul 18 (PTI) The government has scrapped around 1,200 complex laws and procedures for easy registration of startups to encourage entrepreneurs in the country, Niti Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant today said. To create wealth in the country, entrepreneurship has to be promoted, Kant said adding the government has taken lot of steps especially for MSMEs. "In the last two years, we have tried to dismantle lot of rules and laws, procedures and paperwork. We have scrapped about 1,200 laws which has never happened before," Kant told reporters here at an event. He was speaking at the entrepreneur India 2017 conference, where business investors, startups, SMEs and professionals met for networking and to discuss possible business ideas, among others. "Today one can register a company in a day and for an MSME, it takes around five minutes to register," Kant said. \r\nGovernment Upper Primary Sanskrit School in Rajasthan's Sikar district has six classrooms, four teachers but not a single student. The student strength of the school, established in 1998, peaked to 55 in 2005 and then began to decline. Reportedly, the teachers now report for work at 8 am, water plants, read newspapers, chat among themselves and leave by 2 pm.\r\nFrom a distance, this government-run Sanskrit school in Sikar district of Rajasthan appears like any other run-down school with the building in need of paint. But once you enter the premises, it becomes clear that something else is amiss. The school is erringly quiet ? there are no children on the small playground or, for that matter, in the classrooms.The Government Upper Primary Sanskrit School in Pratappura village has six classrooms, four teachers ? but not a single student. The teachers report for work at about 8am, water the plants, read newspaper, chat among themselves and leave after 2pm. They get their salary on time, but are not happy about the state of affairs.?We feel ashamed to be sitting idle the whole day. It was once a thriving school with more than 50 students, but things changed a few years ago,? Sanwarmal, the school?s head teacher, told HT.The school, which was established in 1998 attracted children from the neighbouring villages. In 2005, the student strength peaked to 55 and then gradually began to decline. In 2015-16 academic session, only four students were left and their parents also withdrew them last year. ?A few years ago, the neighbouring villages did not have schools so the children used to come to Pratappura. Now, there are three middle schools within 1-2 km range, and so this school has been deserted,? village sarpanch, Balram Verma, said.Pratappura has a population of about 300, and in most households the head of the family are employed in other towns and only the elders have stayed back to look after the ancestral home. ?The village has only six to seven students from class 1-8 who now study in other schools in the neighbouring villages,? Sanwarmal said.All the teachers are now sick with boredom. ?There is nothing to do here. We even encourage the village elders to come and chat with us so that we are able to pass the time,? Krishna Verma, who is the sole female teacher, said.A retired army man, Kashiram and a farmer, Ghanshyam Singh, are regular visitors.The teachers have approached the education department in Jaipur to shift them on deputation to other nearby schools where there is vacancy for Sanskrit teachers. ?We gave a written request many months ago, but no action has been taken in this regard. We were told that deputations have been stopped for now,? Sanwarmal said. The school has a glorious past, said Prabhudayal Sharma, who joined as a teacher in 2003. ?Some of the students have become doctors and engineers and one of them is a senior police official. But now there is little hope. The chances of the school?s revival are very slim,? he said.As if to emphasise his point, a stray dog wanders inside the premises to be quickly shooed away by one of the teachers.\r\nAn 18-year-old son of Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority's Vice President Milind Mhaiskar and Urban Development Department's Principal Secretary Manisha Mhaiskar was found dead under mysterious circumstances in Mumbai. The police are trying to find out whether it was a case of suicide or if he was pushed from the 20th storey of the building.\r\n?An 18-year-old son of MHADA vice-president Milind Mhaiskar and principal secretary of Urban development department Manisha Mhaiskar was found dead under mysterious circumstances. The police are yet to ascertain whether this is a case of suicide or he was pushed from the 20th storey of the building.According to police, around 7.30am on Tuesday, they got a call from a local alleging a youth had fallen off posh Dariya Mahal apartment in Napean Sea Road.The deceased was identified as Manmat and his family members were informed. He was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead.Manmat left the house at 7am to meet his friend, said police.The Malabar Hill police have registered a case of accidental death.The body has been sent to JJ hospital for post-mortem. \r\nIndian all-rounder Irfan Pathan was slammed on social media after he posted a picture of himself with his wife Safa Baig, which was termed "un-Islamic" by many. Users commented that Safa's arms and face should have been covered with a veil. Earlier, pacer Mohammed Shami was subjected to similar treatment after he posted his wife's picture in a sleeveless dress.\r\nIndian all-rounder Irfan Pathan, on Tuesday, was criticised by many on Instagram as well as on his Facebook page, after he posted a photograph with his wife who can be seen wearing nail polish. Even though Irfan?s wife Safa Baig ? to whom he got married to in February 2016 ? can be seen wearing a burqa in the photograph, her exposed hands and nail polish has enraged many fans who have posted ridiculous comments.(Read | Nasser Hussain slams ?abysmal? England selection post Trent Bridge loss vs SA) ?WTF. Tell her cover her arms. Being a muslim and being a Pathan its your duty to do so,? (sic) wrote a person by the name ?Jagga Jasos?.?Hiding face is not Farz?But hiding arms is farz Irfan bhai... She?is hiding her face its good, may Allah bless her? But tell her to hide her arms too...? wrote a certain Kaashif Raza Khan. A person named Abdullah Qureshy wrote, ?Mashaa allah, esi baat nahi h ki islaam aap par laagu hota h, but aapaki chhavi ek sachche musalman ki h so pleaase bhabhi ko parde me rakho.? (Your image is that of a true Muslim, so please keep your wife in veil). Kuch to log kahenge logo ka kaam hai kehna but always #love #travel pic.twitter.com/aERzXr0g2j? Irfan Pathan (@IrfanPathan) July 17, 2017(Read | One ball, three injuries: Bizarre cricketing incident in local match in Australia) Another person named MD Mojibur Rahman Majid wrote, ?Bhai nice picture. But please don?t update Wife or any of our Muslim girls pictures . I really highly respect your family coz you got so nice family, your family example for others, I got one humble request to you please don?t update muslimas pictures, our girls are very special . They simply not come out, I love you bhai.? (sic)(Read | Joe Root stunned by Michael Vaughan?s ?fail to respect Test? comment after loss) Not long ago, India pacer Mohammed Shami was subjected to similar treatment by cricket fans on social media, after a few fanatics attacked him on the internet platforms where he had posted a photo with his wife. (Read | Mohammed Shami faces fire over wife?s dress in couple?s photo) Shami, who was nursing a knee injury in between the India-England Test series late last year, had posted a photograph with his wife. Shami too was attacked by fanatics on social media platforms, and he also received support from several cricketers such as Mohammad Kaif. The comments are really really Shameful.Support Mohammed Shami fully.There are much bigger issues in this country. Hope sense prevails. pic.twitter.com/dRJO5WfOgU? Mohammad Kaif (@MohammadKaif) December 25, 2016While many criticised Irfan and his wife ? a Jeddah-born model who was working in Dubai before their marriage ? there were several who came out in support of the couple who looked adorable in the photograph.?I think it?s none of your damn business what they do, what they wear and how they act. Keep your religion mindset somewhere else. Be it he?s Muslim or not, it?s between him and his god, there?s no you in between them, I?m sure you all know that. ?I suggest you become a great Muslim?? What makes you think you?re a great Muslim? Because you mind someone else business? are your own teachings enough to judge other? Don?t think so. I don?t think you have the right to tell him what to tell his wife. His wife looks awesome and they look awesome together, they look like they were going somewhere nice together. Be happy, live happily. Maybe you guys can learn a thing or two if you stop looking at your wife as if she?s a thing you order around,? wrote Leizs Hol.?Does the women hav any rights what she has to do???islam k thekedar aagaye ...people r no one to advise what she or irfan does with ther life,? (sic) wrote Tushar Narkhede.\r\nThe BCCI on Tuesday named former Indian cricketer Bharat Arun as the Indian cricket team's bowling coach. Arun, who was Indian coach Ravi Shastri's teammate from their Under-19 days, had previously served in the same capacity during Shastri's tenure as team director from 2014 to 2016. Notably, Sanjay Bangar and R Sridhar will remain the batting and fielding coach respectively.\r\nBharat Arun has made a comeback into the Indian dressing room as he has been appointed bowling coach by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Tuesday.The unnamed BCCI committee comprising acting president CK Khanna, acting secretary Amitabh Choudhary and CoA member Diana Edulji met at the board headquarters in Mumbai.WATCH VIDEOSanjay Bangar and R Sridhar will remain the assistant and fielding coach respectively. All appointments have been made for a two year term.Arun has been handed a full-time role as bowling consultant Zaheer Khan will only be available for 150 days a year."I was very clear in my mind what my core team would be and you have just heard that," Shastri said after Choudhary announced the appointment in a press conference.His appointment marks a complete u-turn for the BCCI, which had named Zaheer as bowling consultant initially before clarifying that it was for specific overseas tours.There is also, no clarity on Rahul Dravid's position as batting consultant either."All depends on their availability, it depends on individuals, the number of days they want to give but their inputs will be invaluable and they are most welcome," was Shastri's cryptic response on queries regarding Zaheer and Dravid. The 54-year-old had previously served in the same capacity during Shastri's tenure as team director from 2014 to 2016. The former India bowler was also Shastri's teammate from their Under-19 and India days.Shastri, who was in London when his appointment was announced, also thanked the Cricket Advisory Committee -- comprising Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman -- for picking him for the high-profile job."I would like to thank the CAC because it is a privilege and honour to be India's coach. And I would like to thank the CAC for considering me worthy enough for the job," he said.\xa0 \r\n